Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight, Orange Lounge Radio celebrates its 14th birthday and Rob Roberts a little bit more than his 14th birthday!
Raise your glasses and cheers to the longest running video game live show in podcast and internet history!
Join us for the celebration by enjoying your weekly dose of gaming news! Happy birthday!
Orange Lounge Radio
And Rob Roberts
Hi my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio. Live with this tonight, episode number 647 for this June the 26th of 2016.
I gotta say, usually every week I listen to Jason's intro just so I have an idea, kind of like what's leading into the show.
This week I didn't so that is actually really, for some reason I just didn't listen to it this week.
And that was actually a nice surprise. Thank you Jason.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining you guys here as we have every week for the past 14 years since June 23rd, 2002.
Back then we used to talk about everything that was going on with music gaming.
Things like Dance Dance Revolution and Beatmania, Parappa the Rappa, Bust a Move or Groove depending on what side of the pond you were on.
And all those types of things and then here we are all these years later as video game fans talking about the thing that we really love, video games.
And we used to, after we would play DDR at the arcade, we'd go to the, I've told this story like 500 times in the past year but I'm gonna tell it again.
It's because you're old and that's what they do.
Hey, you be quiet until I introduce you. After 14 years you should know the rules by now.
And I'll get off your lawn, that's fine.
So we would go to the cafe that was in the parking lot and we would eat and sit around and talk smack about DDR games in general.
And that's what we'd like to do here on our show that we've created.
And here we are 14 years later, me, Rob Roberts on Twitter at SkySKIE and joining me by my side for these 14 years.
My longest relationship ever with a woman.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey.
How are you?
I'm full of roughage.
Yeah?
Yes, I had my usual subway stop.
Yeah, where they actually know you now. It's like the Cheers bar, right? But you come through the door.
She asks about my cosplay.
Does she? That's great.
Yeah.
That's awesome. How is your cosplay? You're working on something for Gamer X, right?
It is, but it's also coming along kind of slowly.
And I'm gonna be pulling a Jiggly Caliente with the corset.
Sometimes you gotta do whatever you gotta do to make it work.
Yeah, just if you don't know the reference, just look it up.
Thank you very much. I have not loaded up Steam yet, but I know you let me know that it is not only the 14 year, but as Jason said in the intro, it does happen to be my actual birthday today.
And you actually on Steam bought me a Steam controller, which is awesome because I can't wait to check that out and see if I really can play Civ on the TV with one of those.
And then you bought me Shower with Your Dad Simulator, right?
Yeah, because you're worth 69 cents.
I'm worth 69 cents, which is funny for that game.
No, I laughed my ass off. I saw my buddy Derek playing that when we were visiting him when we went to the Ingress thing in Tucson.
So yeah, that game looks hilarious. I put it on my wish list.
And Jamie is making the Shower with Your Dad wishes come true. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Enjoy!
All right.
You should fetch the goodies while you introduce the others.
Oh yes, and you brought some goodies to the show tonight. You guys are spoiling me tonight.
Well, they're also for the anniversary show.
I have to share a birthday with my baby.
It's like having your birthday on Easter.
And it's like having a baby in a throuple.
I'm gonna go get the cupcakes now.
So say hello to our third over there, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
Let Shane take your usual spot on the show.
That shit gets really hot. And it's summer, so that's why I'm sitting on this show.
Hey, you can't talk to me until you introduce me.
Be quiet. I can talk about you. I just don't want to hear you speak as long as possible.
Where you're sitting now is right by the AC vent.
Yeah, that's also. But yeah, it's basically that couch, whereas it is comfortable, it is also very warm.
And so, this is not the weather for me to sit on that couch.
It's just like, ah, it's too bad.
That couch used to be mine, and I can attest to this.
This is one of the first triple degree days we've had in SAC in a while, too, right?
A couple weeks.
We did in May, and then it got cooler again, and then it didn't.
I forgot. Can you blame me?
So, cupcakes.
Okay, so live joining us in chat since I want to introduce these guys every week in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
We do have a live chat room where the question is being asked by William Murderface,
the fuck is a throuple?
That's a relationship between three people.
I know it's not something you hear about every day, but it's when three people are-
It's like a couple.
It's a couple, but there's three.
There's three.
Derek Barry, Nebraska Thunderfuck, and that other guy.
It's like if three people throw up at the same time, they throuple.
I suppose, I suppose.
So, in a way, we're a throuple, but it's not that kind of throuple.
It's a platonic throuple is what we have here at Orange Lounge Radio
because I've joked that this show is our baby that we've had in a throuple,
and our baby's turning 14 years old today.
Old enough to be obnoxious and going through puberty.
No, no, they can start doing- well, the puberty part, yes.
They can drive in Mississippi.
They can be obnoxious far before that.
But, old enough to mow the goddamn lawn.
And old enough to complain and not do it anyways.
Hey, Loki, by the way, I want to say a big thank you.
You guys are giving me a present today.
Loki got me on PlayStation 4.
He actually bought me a copy of Fallout 4
because my copy that I had on Xbox One mysteriously vanished
after I only had it for a week, which was a bummer,
but I suppose I didn't really deserve it.
So, Loki actually got me a copy of Fallout 4 on PlayStation 4, which is awesome.
Alan will be very happy to hear that because he's been trying to get me to play that.
And hey, the mod should be starting anytime soon, so we'll have mods.
And also, he handed this to me and said,
Now you don't have a fucking excuse. He gave me a copy of Grand Theft Auto 5 on PlayStation 4.
You gotta play it. It's awesome.
I will check it out. I'm excited to check out all the souped-up graphics and all that stuff.
I'm going to chat again for some more comments.
Misty in chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
I think I prefer triad, but I'm also more used to hearing it.
Oh, I guess I didn't know it was one of those things like soda and pop and just calling it coke.
I didn't know it was one of those things where it had different names.
Some people just say threesome.
Yeah, I guess so. I'd always heard throuple.
Some people say Friday nights.
Anyhow, as if it's any surprise at this point, also joining us tonight is Shane.
There is filling in the middle of this cupcake.
Is there really?
Yeah.
Now, you know how fucking unprofessional it is to eat while you're trying to talk on air because people don't want to hear that.
I'm just saying.
Bitch, this is us. Professionalism is nothing.
I'll take the microphone into the bathroom if I need to.
Please don't. Which, by the way, speaking of professionalism on broadcasting, congrats on Ranger Pride.
I know you guys have been doing very well over there with your show.
Thank you. We didn't have a show this week.
When you bothered to show up, you did very well.
Okay, so one week I was traveling and then this week we didn't have it.
And we're coming back next week just fine.
It's funny because if you look at the schedule for guys on the show, it's been really, really bad lately.
Yeah, I know.
If you guys didn't know, Xtra had shingles.
And he posted about that on Twitter, so it's not like it's private or anything.
But yeah, so that's why we've been out for a couple weeks.
That's always a distinct possibility of me because I have never had chicken buns.
Oh my god.
Same.
But you know what? I'm fucking immune.
Let's hope. Let's hope.
I'm too afraid. I've never had it either.
I thought there was a point where if you don't get it by a certain age, you're not going to get it.
No, it just gets worse.
It works.
Oh shit.
No, not necessarily.
Because my uncle had chicken pox when he was a kid and he had shingles as an adult.
And then on top of that though, I think they do have, well I know they have basically,
you can get a couple shots and then be immune to chicken pox.
But fuck that. I ain't getting any more shots.
I am just going to play my odds.
Okay, and I do want to respond to something in chat because my little comment about soda and pop and coke from earlier is now going on in chat.
And I want to make this clear. Don't ever call it pop in front of me.
Yeah, that is a sound. That's not a drink.
Yeah, that's what bubblegum does.
And when you say pop, yeah, exactly. That's what I think of.
Well, gum is nasty anyway.
I have the same reaction. So don't call it pop around me.
It's soda or it's coke or it's fizzy drink. I don't care. Just don't call it P-O-P.
Because I think that's P-O-O-P.
I've just learned to be specific.
Now in Alabama, everything is a fucking coke. It's a southern thing.
Everything is a coke.
I'd like a coke.
Alright, well you have this, this, and this.
I said I wanted a coke.
So anyway.
But I have preferred just saying, may I have a non-caffeinated cola?
If I want a non-caffeinated cola beverage.
Being from California for, you know, the beginning of my life and then moving to Kansas.
They called it pop there and I always called it soda and I would correct them every single time.
The entire time I lived there.
You're doing the Lord's work.
I know. I was.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Alright.
Specifically for you.
And to answer Slag Kick's question, I do not call all sodas cokes. I quit that habit really quickly because it annoyed me.
I'm a very specific person.
I hate having to go to restaurants and you get that awkward, yeah I'd like a coke, oh we have Pepsi.
So I always have to go, I'd like a coke or a Pepsi.
Just your cola beverage please.
Yeah, I think her idea of doing cola actually works really well.
That's what I do. May I have a cola beverage?
Yeah.
Which instantly crosses out Dr. Pepper, root beer, and any of the clear beverages.
Now one of these days I hope I actually get asked.
If I say I want a cola, I hope somebody says, does that mean you want RC Cola?
Because I'll be like, fuck yeah.
But I have yet to ever find a restaurant that has RC Cola.
You've never heard of RC Cola?
No one's gonna have RC Cola on tap.
I beg to differ.
I can fucking dream, thank you very much.
I found RC Cola on tap.
If you say cola, why would that exclude like Dr. Pepper?
Because Dr. Pepper is technically not considered a cola.
What is it?
It's a soda, but they could not, it actually was a legal reason that they could not call it a cola to prevent some type of competition thing with Coca Cola.
Here's the other with you.
When I lived in Chico, um, when I went to school up there, which is, Chico's a town that's like two hours north of here, that's a big college town.
They didn't have Dr. Pepper like anywhere, it was all Dr. Thunder, which I thought was so weird, and I never understood that.
That, isn't that like the Walmart brand?
You would think?
It is like, it's like a knockoff brand or something.
Is it like Mr. Pibb?
I may actually have the name wrong, but it was Dr. Something Else.
Mr. Pibb, Dr. Pepper is, you know.
Mr. Pibb was okay, but-
I like Mr. Pibb.
He didn't go to, he didn't get his doctor and he's just Mr. Pibb.
Even though this stuff tastes like shit, I go nuts when I find Tab.
Because the cans have never changed since like the 70s, and I'm like, I'm drinking history.
I think college towns have some weird like, contract with places like that, because like you said, they didn't have Dr. Pepper, they had Dr. Thunder.
My college town had Mr. Pibb, and Dr. Pepper was nowhere to be found in that town.
I will point out, they're talking, again, I'm like, why are we talking about soda on our video game show?
But I suppose, well, you know, when you play games, you do drink a lot of soda, so everybody has an opinion on this.
Or if you're up until nine in the morning sharing friend codes, and you have to stay awake for the rest of the day.
Like your night last night?
But Pepsi is still far superior anyway.
So in chat, they're talking about this whole Coke thing.
I do want to point out, I did find the one place in Atlanta that didn't have Coke, and that had Pepsi instead of Coke.
And I gotta say, like, because I actually prefer Pepsi to Coke.
Was it an Oasis in the desert?
It was the Hard Rock Cafe, believe it or not.
It has Pepsi and not Coke. And I was floored.
I tend to like Pepsi more, but when you get some of these places that have the perfect ratio of syrup and the carbonated water.
Like I went to this Mizuki sushi place by my house.
Holy crap, that soda was fucking awesome.
It was just the perfect amount of syrup in there.
It's just, give me more of that. I don't care what it is, just keep giving it to me.
Bobby said they burned that place to the ground.
Here's the weird thing. I like Pepsi, but if I go diet, I way prefer Coke Zero.
See, Misty's got it right. I loved back when I was visiting Alabama, I could find Cheerwine at the grocery store, and it made me happy.
And now, thankfully, the BevMo or something near my house gets Diet Cheerwine in.
But I can't drink it because of the caffeine. It is very caffeinated.
I miss caffeine so freaking much.
And Dungeon Buster, trying to bring it back to game, says the best cola is Nuka Cola.
Let's see, also our pals, Slagkick from Gamebooey.org, joining us in chat tonight.
Hi, Slagkick.
I hear on this week's show, they're going to have a discussion about Mighty No. 9.
Because, you know, that game has been getting a lot of flack on the interwebs.
But my understanding is that Captain Spike over on that show actually says it is not that bad and y'all need to shut up.
So that'll be on Gamebooey.org this week, so stay tuned for that on Tuesday.
But Slagkick, Dr. Slagkick, I suppose, because he's found the answer here.
Dr. Pepper was a frequent player in the 1990s antitrust history of the United States.
As a part of these activities, economists and the courts have weighed in with the opinion that Dr. Pepper is a pepper-flavored drink and not a cola.
Pepper does not taste like pepper.
That is stupid.
I like Dr. Pepper, though.
I never found a pepper that tasted like that.
No.
Whatever.
All right, anyhow, so it is our 14-year anniversary show, so, you know, this is crazy.
As of June 23rd, 2002 was our very first episode, and now here we are 14 years later.
You know, you kind of hit a point, just like you do with your regular birthdays, because today happens to be my actual birthday.
And I would say everything after 21 was just kind of, eh, right?
Kind of like after 21, it's like, oh, hey, it's my birthday, eh, you know, big deal.
And I think we're kind of getting to that point with the podcast, but it's so awesome that you guys have been supporting us for all these years.
And I think if nothing else, this is a chance for us to kind of step back and just be like, oh, my gosh, like, you know, we've done this for so long,
and it's because of the support of you guys out there and the awesome community that we have.
You know, we don't have the largest community. We're not the most listened to video game podcast, that's for sure, by any means.
But we have, I would argue, the most loyal, if not one of the most loyal podcasts, followings out there.
And so I just, I really appreciate you guys that do turn out for the show and listen.
It's funny because once in a while somebody will tell me, oh, OLR, gosh, I haven't listened to that in years.
I need to come back and listen to that again or something, so, but I'm still always like, they told it.
We just need to start serving beer and wine like Barnes and Noble and then we'll bring them back.
What a genius idea, right? Hey, Jamie, let's go get drunk and read. Doesn't that sound like fun?
That sounds like tons of fun. It's like, go wild, you know, move into the philosophy section.
I'm going to drink until Twilight's good.
I don't think there's enough liquor in the back.
Let's see, Brad from Pod Culture says, not to mention all the podcasts you guys have influenced too.
That is honestly the most ultimate compliment I think the show can get.
Is that, you know, you influenced me to do my own gaming podcast or whatever it is.
That's always like the most awesome compliment we can get.
Or when we inspire our loud friend who interrupts people to do a Power Rangers podcast.
That's always very, I'm just messing with you.
Whatever.
So William Cranston, you know, what do you think? I don't really see him as Zoran, but whatever.
Oh, um, what's his real name? I forgot.
Brian Cranston.
Brian, yeah.
Not William, William.
We'll talk about it this week on our show, but I am fine. I mean, who saw Elizabeth Banks as Rita Repulsa?
But I love Elizabeth Banks, so she's just the right amount of crazy and loud.
It's just the, the costumes just don't look right.
In the pictures we've seen from the set, the Red Ranger suit actually looks good.
The pictures that they've shown, like publicity stills, I don't like those ones.
But I think once we see it in real action and not these like over, I don't know, over digitally enhanced pictures.
I think a lot of people's opinions will change.
I feel like I'm going to get dragged to see the Power Rangers movie by somebody who show her name nameless.
And so I'll end up having to see it even though I know like next to nothing about it.
I mean, like it sounds interesting. I just, you know, I don't know.
I've never seen some of the Power Ranger movies in theaters, which I don't know why, because I didn't really like Power Rangers.
But somehow I did watch them in theaters.
I never saw the second one to this day. I haven't seen the second movie, but I saw the first one in theaters.
I liked it when I was a kid.
I saw it in a theater.
Ragenator in chat says, just to think, in a few years, you three will hear fans that can say,
Hey, I started listening to you when I started kindergarten. Now I'm married with children.
You realize we're kind of already getting those emails, except it's like junior high school and now I'm married.
And I'm always like, wow, I feel so old right now.
But no, it is really flattering when we get emails like that.
I'm very thankful for that.
But it's just like, wow, this really has been going on for a very long time.
Before we get into our gaming weeks and news and all that, Shane, I know you are a really, really big fan of Pokemon.
In fact, I almost feel like I should call Annie's intervention because you actually showed me this spreadsheet that you put together for all the Pokemon.
Well, I need it. I need it. It's important.
Okay. Can you explain why you need a spreadsheet for Pokemon and what it's doing for you?
I don't see why this isn't just part of our gaming weeks.
Because it falls under gaming.
Well, whatever.
I'll talk about this, but I'll probably talk about it when we get to our gaming weeks anyway.
So I made a spreadsheet because I need to know which Pokemon I need technically for what they call a living dex.
Which means you actually, and I'm using quote marks here, physically have that Pokemon in your bank or your boxes.
And then on that same spreadsheet, I'm marking off which ones I have shinies for also.
So I've got some functions because I'm using Google Docs and keeping track of everything that way.
And I've got color coding and it's super awesome. And I don't know why we're talking about it now.
Fine. We'll talk about the shiny collecting and all that later when we get to gaming weeks.
But in our chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com, Slidekick says,
Shane and I should do a Pokecast. Hmm.
There is talk in my head already about something like that.
What do you guys think? Do you think Shane should have his own show about Pokemon?
Even though he already has one about Power Rangers?
That sometimes turns into Pokemon.
Because me and Spike both love Pokemon.
You should do the ultimate crossover of PokeRangers.
Our topic for this week's episode has to do with Pokemon and Power Rangers together.
So it kind of works out that way.
One of these days, I swear, we all need to end up in the same room.
All of us folks at VoG and we're going to do that super show that's like the orange PokeRanger blackwolf buoy.org sistahood show or something.
It'll be a lot of fun.
Anyway, also in chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com, some folks wanting a copy of this spreadsheet that you're putting together.
Misty says, dude, Shane, can I have a copy?
Yeah, I can. I can send it over. Rob can collect all of the like emails and I can just...
Did you think that maybe this tool, this spreadsheet already existed out there before you actually...
Well, it probably does. I mean, it's pretty simple. Just make a spreadsheet.
It's not fancy. I mean, besides the random functions I have on there and it's like two of them.
TarZXF. I know that guy. I can't believe he's listening tonight. How you doing?
TarZXF has known me a very, very long time, you guys. He's known me probably longer than anybody else.
It says in chat, can the show be named Pokey Whatever?
No, because when it's something I care about, I'm super excited to talk about it.
Alright, let's get into the types of video games that we've been playing this week because I know Shane wants to talk more about shiny collecting.
But I'm going to make them wait. As we do, how is your gaming week starting with Dark Soccer? What kind of video games have you been playing this week?
I finally picked up Stardew Valley. Haven't played it yet. I also just picked up Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
Such a good game.
I watched Rob finish it.
That game's great.
I also...
Did you already have the ending spoiled? Oh no.
Yeah, it's fine.
Go to the rapture.
Stop it.
I also picked up... I think it's Forbidden Planet that looks a lot like a Sonic clone. So it already is really pretty.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen that one.
So as for stuff I've actually played, I broke out Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer again so that I could design a house for...
Who did I do? Oh, I did one for Catan and his entire freaking family.
And then I did... What else did I play? I'm actually way behind on Danganronpa 2.
Oh my gosh.
I know I need to play some more but I couldn't.
I want to talk about themes.
Well, I already have had a lot spoiled for me so it's okay.
I've been playing World of Warcraft. I hit 100. That's about it.
Jamie's really trying to tempt me to roll on World of Warcraft again just so y'all know.
I need someone to play with. Remember all the adventures?
But now I have Shower with your dad to play.
But remember all of the adventures?
It was fun. It was good.
And Sakurina's a decent enough level. She could play with sassy pants.
I'm playing for two MMOs though.
But like I mentioned before the show, it's inevitable I'm going to pony up for that expansion anyway.
So it's going to happen. It's just a matter of when.
Let's see. Going to chat. I'm sorry. I love this comment too much.
Back to the Pokemon podcast and what Shane would call it if he hosts it.
ActDeafTryingToOneUp, Tarzxf's name says,
It can be called Poke-meh.
Again, if it's something I care about, I actually am excited to talk about it.
Okay, but you're smiling because you know that name is good.
No. No it is not. Because that would not be how the podcast would go.
Because it would be super fun. Because all I do is talk about Pokemon with other people who just want to talk about Pokemon.
You guys don't even know. Like, real life is like this.
You guys might think Shane is putting on a face for this show, but no.
Real life is like this. Like I might call Shane to be like,
Oh Shane, we should meet up for lunch today and go to this place or whatever.
He's like, okay, but did you play Pokemon? Because I was playing Pokemon for four hours last night and I caught this new shiny.
And do you want a new shiny? Because I have like five copies of this shiny because the one I want is not showing up.
And all of a sudden it's like, what happened to lunch plans?
Well, we would have talked right through it.
And then we meet up for lunch. Oh, while I was driving over here I caught another shiny.
What are you doing playing your DS while driving? I need a shiny.
Yeah, that is basically how it goes.
Logie, how was your gaming week?
This week I mainly played South Park, The Sick of Truth.
Because I got that as part of the digital pre-order for South Park, The Fractured But Whole.
So, that game is so awesome. Like, I never really played through much of it when I had it on Xbox.
But I'm pretty much at the end of the game now, I think.
I was playing as a Jew character, which really, to be honest, they're all the same except for the different abilities that you get, the special abilities.
But, I mean, it's basically all the same. They need the characters you roll.
And so, yeah, I like all the twists in there. Like, kind of some of the spoilers in there.
There's a scene in there where you're fighting the underpants gnomes, while shrinking down, under your parents having sex above you.
And so you see your mom's floppy titties bouncing around, and you have to do a quick time event dodge of your dad's testicles.
And there's a portion of the game where you have to give Randy Marsh an abortion.
And the music that they have, they have that, it's Christmas time, you know that song.
The game is so fucking hilarious. It's just such a great game.
If you have a mind that is hellbound.
No, seriously, if you like software, and if you want to get it now, I mean, if you want to pre-order the new game, you get it for free as a pre-order, and you can download it immediately.
So that's what I did for the PlayStation 4, because I know I want to play the new game when it comes out.
And that's a digital only thing, right?
That's digital only, yeah.
And see, that is a clever way to get people to buy it digitally.
To be honest, it's weird. I was so against digital only stuff, and most of the things now I buy from my PlayStation 4 are digital.
I hardly, the last game I bought physical was Fallout.
And that was just because, I don't remember why it was, it was because of something.
Because I didn't want to wait for it to download or something like that.
And so I actually went and bought it physical, but everything else has been just digital content.
So, I don't know. I'm on board with that.
What else was I going to say?
Yeah, if you want to pick it up now, because I also picked it up on Steam, because it's eight bucks right now.
So I can go, you know, my wife watches TV a lot, and so I can play through it again.
Because it is a game, it's not very long, but it's something you'd want to play it through multiple times.
Even though I have pretty much done most of the side quest stuff, it's still that good.
It's worth playing multiple times.
And then, what else? I think I played a little bit more of the Trials of Blood Dragon.
It's okay. It's not as like, you know, with the concept of like it's Trials and Blood Dragon,
but the other, that should be like the most amazing game ever, but it's just kind of okay.
Which is kind of a let down. You expect a lot more from that combination.
The other thing too is, I noticed that Goat Simulator has all its DLC now,
and I tried to purchase the DLC because I want to play more Goat Simulator,
and it fucking crashes. Like, it'll just lock up trying to download content,
because you can only purchase it through the app on the PlayStation Store.
Like, I can't find the actual DLC, the purchase separately on the PlayStation Store.
So that's poorly set up, but yeah, I've been buying stuff in the Steam sale, and I don't know.
Not too much though. I bought South Park The Sacred Truth, Golf With Your Friends,
because that looked kind of cool, and I like mini golf games.
And then I saw this, someone had posted information about the Learn Japanese To Survive hiragana battle.
It's a RPG maker game.
I put that on my wish list. I saw that come up in my queue, and I thought that sounded really interesting.
It's like two bucks or something, so.
And I was like, I think I probably really need that for this show.
Yeah, I mean, I think it looks pretty cool. I want to...
I'm looking for it right now.
I had learned hiragana at one time. I'd like a refresher, because it's been a while since I've been in high school, so.
But I've been kind of just trying to avoid buying a lot of things,
because I have a lot of games, even now my PlayStation 4 library is starting to look like my Steam library.
Stoppy in our chat over at live.fognetwork.com says,
I heard about that, it's on my wish list too.
I wonder if they...
It seems like some games seem to always show up in people's queues,
especially during the Steam sale when people are really encouraged to go through those queues if they want trading cards, so.
Yeah, I went through the queues, and unfortunately it's like all these games I'm like,
that's not going to run on my computer.
Like, Grand Theft Auto is marked down as well. It's like, you know, 35 bucks on Steam.
And I'm like, I want it, but I can't run it very well, so I'm going to hold off still.
It'll be cheap later on as well.
Yeah, it's $2.79, so you might as well pick it up.
And honestly, even if you're not into the trading cards at all, just go through your queue anyway, and sell them for like 6 cents every day,
and then by the end of the sale, you'll have probably 2 bucks to go buy one of these cheapy games if you want.
You can shower with your dad for free, thanks to trading cards. That's what you want to do.
Apparently Julian is listening right now for any more Pokémon anything.
I will talk more Pokémon all the time.
When it's his turn.
When it's your turn.
We're going to teach Julian a life lesson about waiting your turn, and so Shane's going to wait his turn.
Anything else, Loki, for your game?
That's it. I've been trying to work on my game. I kind of worked a little bit.
I typed some more stuff in my design doc, which is a mess.
And then, I want to play more Final Fantasy XI, so I'll probably go back and do some of that this week.
Slidekick in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
Loki can buy things from my PlayStation 4 library if he's running out of disc space.
No, I'm not running out of disc space at all, because I'm just buying games.
Like, I bought, I want to say Dragon Age Inquisition, because it was down to like 5, 10 dollars.
It's amazing.
And I bought Need for Speed, the newest one.
And I was like, okay, I like those games. I'm probably not going to get around to playing them anytime soon.
So, I have a lot of that stuff.
I almost bought Mad Max. I'm like, ooh, Mad Max.
I'm like, no, I can't buy this. I'm not going to play this.
Speaking of having like way more space than you know what to do with it,
did I tell you guys I bought a 3 terabyte drive for my main PC, because I was starting to run out of room on one of my drives.
And I was like, I don't want to keep uninstalling Steam games, so I'm going to just buy a 3 terabyte drive.
Which even, that isn't even as big as they make them.
That was like as big as I could get it without it, while it's still kind of like a reasonable price.
I'm just giving you the knowing look.
Because I just did this, what, a month ago?
Put in another terabyte drive, just to accommodate my games.
Yeah, no, I nickel into, no, I'm just getting a 3 terabyte drive, and I don't have to worry about this again until like the year 2024.
Oh, I've got a 3 terabyte drive hooked up to my computer with all that.
Yeah, so trust me, I feel you on the space thing. It eats up the room.
Let's have another old person moment for a moment.
Remember back, my first PC that I had in junior high school, which I used to connect to Prodigy, which was like my first experience on the internet.
We used to call it Buttigy.
What's a Prodigy?
Oh my god, no, you're not going to play this whole I'm too young to remember this stuff.
No, I seriously don't know what that is.
Okay, Prodigy, do you remember America Online?
Well, yeah, because it had all the disks.
Okay, Prodigy was kind of like that, but I think Prodigy was a Sears venture or something.
But one of the things that made it very unique is it has a very graphical interface to it.
And that's kind of what made it very...
So did AOL.
Well, Prodigy to me felt like a little bit like what the web was before there was the web.
Because Prodigy had like livestock information, if that's what you wanted.
It had news updates, it had forums that you could go.
But I used to get game tips for Nintendo games on Prodigy. I shit you not.
So that was... I know there's people in...
Like if anybody else, Bobby Black Wolf is going to know what I'm talking about.
Because he's 29 like me.
And Bobby, yep, thank you.
Bobby actually says Prodigy predated AOL.
It started in 1988.
My family was a founding member and it gives us Prodigy code.
And yes, I remember mine as well.
And I actually got the B account in my house.
Because my mom was like, what's a Prodigy?
What's a... It sounds like Buttigy.
I just remember that we got charged a lot of money.
Because we submitted a joke on their joke forums.
And it was stupid.
It was like... Because we were like...
You know, kids, we were like 7 years old and stuff.
We were just like, yeah, we're going to submit a joke.
It'll be so stupid.
And like I think it caused money or like we were on a...
It ended up calling like a long distance line.
And so like, it's like, why did we get this?
Why is our phone bill like $60?
You know, it's like something ridiculous.
I got in so much trouble when the internet web came out.
And then I was on it like...
No, it was the chat rooms on Prodigy.
Oh my God.
Oh my God, I had so much trouble.
I ran out of such a bill on the chat rooms on Prodigy.
One month.
I think almost all kids our age who are somewhat nerdy and tech-inclined
has a story about getting in trouble.
I remember the first BBS that actually had like a link to the internet.
So you would log into the BBS and you'd be able to launch a browser
and it would just be the internet.
I was like, sweet, I don't even need AOL for this.
I remember begging and pleading my mother to call a long distance number
in the Bay Area so I could connect to the official Sierra BBS
so I could download demos of upcoming Sierra games,
which would take a good 10 minutes, 15 minutes over the modem.
So it was like you're getting charged for a 15-minute phone call.
But I had an account on the official Sierra BBS and those were the days.
Man, we're dating ourselves so horribly right now.
But the one thing I wanted to say about AOL,
I thought Quantum Link on Commodore 64 was AOL.
I thought either AOL bought them or Quantum Link turned into AOL.
So I always thought Quantum Link was like the first.
But anyway.
I don't know how AOL existed because they would send off those 38 trials
like every few weeks or every week,
and they didn't limit you to how many times you could use those.
So I don't know.
Bobby doesn't say this very often in chat.
He says, you were right.
Steve Case just took down Quantum Link because AOL was doing so well.
The only one to focus on PC.
Anyway, the whole reason I went down this rabbit hole on this,
like, 10-minute tangent is because the hard drive on my original PC
that I ran Prodigy on, 40 megabytes.
40 megabytes.
When I moved out here, and this was in 98, 99, something like that,
Dan had a 20-gigabyte hard drive.
I was going to say I had one that was an IBM AT, I think it was 20.
Pentium 2.
It was slow.
I don't know, 286 something that had like a 20-megabyte hard drive
that I had SimCity on floppy disks for.
An episode of this show, depending on how long it runs,
is about 90 megabytes.
So like an episode of this show wouldn't even fit on my first computer.
Back when OLR first started, you guys may not, because we, you know,
the podcast thing was a newer technology that didn't come out until later.
We were a live internet show before podcasting was around.
And in the beginning of OLR, we were, I'm using my quotey fingers,
dial-up-friendly radio.
So the quality of the stream was honestly kind of shit,
but you could listen to it on a dial-up connection.
And that was kind of the cool thing about it.
And, you know, for a mostly talk-oriented program,
it didn't matter that the quality was kind of garbage.
But it's interesting how far we've come, even in these 14 years.
I'm laughing because Loki just yawned and his tongue is blue from that Slurpee.
That Slurpee was awesome.
And yes, it will dye your tongue any color.
Sorry.
It could be worse.
I could have had the Coke Slurpee and then my tongue would be brown.
All right.
Let me talk about My Gaming Week, because I know Shane's dying to talk about Pokemon.
So My Gaming Week.
That is not what I'm going to start with, though.
Spoilers.
Well, honestly, in My Gaming Week, I haven't been playing a lot of new stuff.
I've been continuing on Path of Exile, which I've still been having fun with.
Even further than I have on any of my other characters,
because I actually got all the way to Act 2.
So that's something.
So, yeah, that's been something I've been enjoying.
I actually did a couple live streams this week.
I've been bringing back my channel.
So please consider subscribing to me on Twitch.
I'd super appreciate it.
Rob Roberts, all one word, is my name on Twitch.
And I did a couple streams this week.
I did one with Overwatch, which was fun because the last match...
Were you watching that stream, Shane?
I don't remember.
The last match...
Yeah, you were doing bad.
Yeah, I was doing really bad. Thank you.
I was doing really bad, which it's Overwatch, so of course I was doing bad.
But the very last match spontaneously became everybody picked Torbjorn.
Because it was me, Alan, and Dominic all playing.
And I think I started picking Symmetra.
And then Dominic was Torbjorn.
Some of the other people we were partied with started picking Torbjorn.
And so Dominic was like, everybody picked Torbjorn.
So we all did.
And so it was like, five of us is Torbjorn versus the other team.
And we beat them.
And they were like high level players too.
Got another shiny right now, just had to interrupt.
Shut up!
Oh my god, it's another female one.
I'm going to break my system.
We need to...
I think we need to go in, because that was one of the things as I was downloading the update.
And I haven't gotten the chance to check it out yet, but that...
The battle maps that they have now for Minecraft would be kind of fun for a game night.
Oh yeah, that would be fun.
Because those are always fun to watch on streamers, like the mods that they have for Hunger Games type stuff.
But now it being official would be kind of cool.
I just wish it was...
The cross platform stuff is still not quite there yet.
With Xbox you can do it with PC and stuff, but you can't really do that yet.
I think a stream like that would only be fun if it was a bunch of people that had no idea what they were doing in Minecraft.
So it would have to be like me, Shane, Jamie, Bobby maybe.
I know how to do it.
It's not necessarily like we're going to be that great at it.
Alright, let's see.
And then I played Pac-Man 256 on the stream this week as well, just because that game came out on Steam as well as the consoles.
And I liked the mobile version, so I was curious if it was going to be worth the $5.
And I would say yeah, it's worth the $5 if you enjoy Pac-Man clones.
But it's only worth about $5, because it is kind of like the tablet game kind of just ported to Steam.
But they did do some extra things with it, like you have the multiplayer mode.
And because you paid the $5, they take all the microtransactions out.
So there's no waiting for things, there's no energy bars, you get all the skins.
So you kind of get a better value on Steam than you do on mobile.
So I would say this.
Check out the mobile version just to try the game and see if it's something that's up your alley.
And if you like it, just get it on Steam or PS4 or whatever.
Dan said he played it for four hours.
Pac-Man 256? Really? Wow.
Isn't it just like, was it Crossy Roads or something like that?
It's very, yeah, it's the same company.
So there's even a Crossy Road skin in it.
So yeah, it's very, very, very similar.
But it's fun! That's what's important.
And then between that and Final Fantasy XIV and some console things here and there,
I even played a little bit of Pokemon to appease Shane.
Between all that, that was pretty much my gaming week.
All right, well, let's move on with the show. Let's get into news tonight.
No, all right. All right, Shane, how was your gaming week?
Okay, so we're going to start with non-Pokemon things.
All right.
First of all, Rhythm Heaven, whatever it's called on 3DS, got that.
And kind of disappointed.
I've played several of the, like, worlds.
The games are really, really short for a Rhythm Heaven game.
And I don't see any megamixes.
And those were my favorite parts.
So I'm kind of bummed.
I mean, it is kind of like a greatest hits collection.
So there's a lot of cool games.
And you can unlock more from the other ones.
But just kind of overall disappointed with it.
So that's sad.
Secondly, I was really amped to play the Resident Evil demo.
But a few weeks ago, I lost my PS4 controller and I still can't find it.
So I can't play my PS4.
It's making me sad also.
Now let's talk about Pokemon.
So I was up until, like, 8 or 9 this morning trading friend codes to get new Pokemon in X.
They have a friend safari thing.
That's really fun.
This is really the only game I play.
There's nothing else that holds my interest.
Between my two English copies, I have over, I think, 450 hours on them now.
And then I also have my Japanese copies that I'm slowly working through.
And I just cannot stop playing these.
I'm just hunting shinies.
I'm basically just hunting shinies at this point.
It's so much fun.
Why are you hunting shinies?
Because they're different looking.
And they're cool because of that.
And some of them might be an ugly color.
And then if you get a shiny one, it can be blue, depending on what it is.
So it's just, it's fun.
I like it.
Can we take a quick aside to talk about Pokemon Go?
Because some news this week is that they are actually ending the, it's not on our show,
we're also not ruining anything.
But they're actually ending the test cycle for Pokemon Go.
It's going to end June 30th.
So sadly, if you're not in the test, you're not getting in.
I hate to say it.
But yeah, because June 30th, everybody's getting kicked out.
And they're resetting the game.
So the good news is, if you're frustrated that you never got in,
you know, they are resetting everybody.
So nobody's going to have a jump on you when the actual game launches.
Which I was convinced after that E3 thing, I said,
no, there's no way they're launching in July.
No way.
This game's not ready.
But now to hear they're pulling the plug on June 30th,
I guess they are going to launch in July.
I'm kind of surprised at that.
Yeah, considering the state of that game, they're not fucking ready yet.
Now, to be fair, Ingress was rough when it first launched, too.
And it's come a long way.
Yeah, but you would think you would learn something between, you know,
programming for Ingress versus this.
It's like you just kind of, I mean, like, here's the thing.
Like, I get it, it's going to be rough around the edges,
but we don't even know what the game is yet.
There's no real game there.
Maybe they didn't want to spoil that.
I'm willing to cut them some slack that maybe not everything was in the game
because they didn't want people to start theory crafting
and doing all this crap until everybody could have at it.
So I'm willing to take a chance that there probably is more of an element
there that will not be revealed until the game is actually out
because Pokémon fans be crazy.
Look at that one on the couch.
And they would theory craft the shit out of this
and figure out all the mid-max if Niantic showed all their cards
to the Pokémon Go.
So I have a really good feeling, I hope I'm right,
that Niantic did hold some stuff back from the test.
I'm also kind of curious to see how the microtransactions work
because it was nice getting free money every day,
the play around with those, but without that...
Well, I think the answer is you get, I don't know if you noticed,
but when you collect your defender bonus every day,
which is how many gyms you're on,
you actually get a small amount of that currency.
So I think you have your answer.
Either you're going to buy it or you have to get it through the gym defense.
I don't think that'll change.
Let's be real, you guys.
Pokémon is a AAA franchise.
Shane would try to give it a rating higher than AAA if one existed,
but it's just like they're going to charge a premium for this game.
Even though it will be free,
they're going to make a lot of money off Pokémon.
They're going to make...
They're going to get a lot of $35 purchases just for the little...
Oh yeah, I already have one.
I'm not as crazy as he is, but I was like,
I want one of those, that looks rad.
I don't know, we'll have to see how much I actually play that game,
whether I want to drop money for that.
The only advantage I see to that is it makes it playing in the car a lot easier
because I don't have to look at my phone.
I just feel it vibrate, hit the button.
I can drive and do that.
Or if you don't even want to look at your phone at all,
you'll just be able to just look at your wrist or wherever you have it.
Now, Akdeft is talking in chat about stupid Pokémon Go
not supporting Intel Atom CPUs.
I had not heard about this.
Yeah, it was in the requirements, I guess,
that it's only supporting ARM processors.
So if you have that nice Intel Atom-based...
Was it the Asus phone or whatever? The Zen phone?
Sorry.
I did not hear about that. That sucks.
I was surprised, though, because they support it for Ingress,
so I don't know what the requirement is.
Unless they're... I don't know, the only thing I could think of...
Pokémon's way more graphic-intensive than Ingress, though.
Well, maybe the only other thing I could think of is maybe, like,
the Stop Spoofers, because people use PCs and emulators,
and if it's not an ARM-based... But you can change... I don't know.
Somebody will figure out a way to cheat at it.
That's just gonna suck.
There's no speed lock in that. It's just their fucking GPS is delayed as shit,
so you can't really... It's hard to gauge where you're at,
because your GPS is trailing behind where you actually are.
Yeah.
But there's no speed lock in there. I mean, I used to...
You know, spun those Pokéstops as I'm driving by them, so...
I don't know.
All right. So, Shane, actually, I went on that tangent,
because I kind of wanted to ask you, as a hardcore Pokémon fan,
where's your head at with Pokémon GO?
Is that something you're gonna get really into, or...
Well, see, if I get really into it, I would like to capture the Pokémon.
I mean, that's what my favorite thing to do in these games are.
I don't really do, like, the competitive battling or anything,
or, like, you know, raising to make competitive battling Pokémon.
I just want to collect the cool ones, and collect them all,
so I will very happily do that in Pokémon GO.
Unless it gets to be annoying, I won't play a game that's annoying.
And I have a really high patience threshold, too,
so we'll see what they can do for me in that game.
But I think I'll enjoy it.
If it's something you like.
You have a very low patience threshold for a lot of things, though.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, if I don't like it.
But for Pokémon, you're gonna cut it a lot of slack, I'm sure.
Yeah, or if the outcome's worth it, yeah.
Like, playing in this friend safari until I get a male shiny Pawnyard.
That's what I'm gonna do.
And I'm just gonna have to keep going at it.
TigerClawnChat says,
Can the Pokémon you find in Pokémon GO be transferred to the new Pokémon games?
No.
They talked about it at E3,
that there's going to be some functionality coming down the line between GO and Sun and Moon.
And that is absolutely not it, I guarantee it.
I would bet a large sum of money.
No, I know it's probably not it, but we don't know, so we can't really say it's not it.
I'm confident it's not, because the stats for the Pokémon on the phone are way different than that in the game.
It's way easier to catch them, I think, on the phone version.
It's not gonna work that way, I guarantee it.
Well, also, I mean, there's that, but it's probably easy enough to convert it somehow.
But Pokémon GO is just Generation 1, and they just released, not that long ago, Red and Blue,
and I think Yellow? I don't know, I don't care about those games, on the 3DS Virtual Console.
And you're gonna be able to take those Pokémon into Sun and Moon as well.
Yeah, but that's different, because those are still the same type of game.
Yeah, but it's not, like, stats and different things have changed since then.
So, like, your... who's a good example? I don't know.
So, Magnemite is... I don't know what he is in Red and Blue and Yellow, but, you know, he's...
Oh, I think he's just Electric in that, but then Steel got introduced in the next generation.
Well, if you take a Magnemite into Sun and Moon, he's coming from an Electric only.
He'll be Steel and Electric in there, so I don't see why they couldn't just do some sort of conversion.
Yeah, I don't know. I think it's gonna be something less interesting, like,
you earn some sort of currency or some sort of, like, bonus items or something like that.
Yeah, I think that's what... you'll get extra currency or random...
Maybe a random Pokémon will unlock, but it's not gonna be the same Pokémon, if that makes sense.
Oh my gosh, and speaking of Sun and Moon, I constantly watch the presentation from E3 over and over.
Like, I can't stop because it's the only footage I have of the game and it's so beautiful.
When do you get more?
July 1st, we'll get some new information, so next Friday. This coming Friday.
That's awesome. Also, Chad is making us realize that we didn't really explain what a Shiny was.
Okay, so a Shiny, nowadays, all it means is it's a Pokémon that you get that is different colored.
They are also very rare to get. There are ways to make it easier, but it still takes a lot of dedication to get one.
For example, I wanted a Shiny Oshawott. Oshawott is a starter, so the only way to get a Shiny from it
is either in a game where you get it as a starter, you keep soft-resetting your system until you get one,
which can take thousands of tries, or you hatch an egg.
And so, I thought I wouldn't have the patience to soft-reset, and Oshawott's from a game that started about five years ago, Black and White.
And ever since that game came out, I wanted a Shiny, so I've been trying to hatch a Shiny Oshawott since 2011.
On my birthday this year, I finally got an Oshawott that was Shiny. That is, like, several thousand eggs later.
It is fairly ridiculous. But then there's other things, like, when I was adding people on this Friend Safari,
you have a pretty good chance in Friend Safari to get Shinies. I was trying to fill out which Pokémon were in this Safari,
and on my third run through the grass, I got a Shiny that way. It was one I didn't care about, but I technically care about all of them.
So, it's just a different color Pokémon. They used to have, I don't remember if it was better stats, or if they, like, for the competitive side,
if they gained their, like, stats quicker, but that got, like, done away with in one of the earlier generations,
and now it's just cosmetic, and kind of like, almost like a trophy, I would say.
Do all Pokémon have a Shiny, even the Legendaries?
Yes, all Pokémon have Shinies. That does not mean you can get Shinies for all of them. Some are called Shiny Locked,
so you aren't able to get Shinies of those specific Pokémon. It's mostly the Event Legendaries that you can't get,
some of those you can't get Shinies of, but that's, like, you know, 12 out of 721.
Gotcha. All right.
And I love them. They sparkle when they show up on the field. It's really cool.
All right, anything else you want to say about Pokémon?
I could just keep talking about it. We can just not do it.
Well, then we'd better move on. We're gonna get into the week's news, although actdeft is sad in chat, saying,
I've never, ever caught a Shiny Pokémon.
Okay, so...
Shane, you have, like, 20 extra Shinies you don't need. Give them out. Give them away.
I don't know. I have to look at my spreadsheet. I'm up to almost 50 Shinies now that aren't duplicates,
but I could give you one, actdeft, if you want. I can give you a Sneasel.
But just keep at it. If you care about it, you'll run into one.
Make sure you have the National Pokédex filled out so you get the Shiny Charm to make it easier.
And once you get one, it'll, like, put that taste in your mouth, and that's all you'll want to do in the game.
And just have patience. And do the Friend Safari, because you don't even need the Shiny Charm for that.
It's like a 1 in 500 or 800 chance you'll run into one.
Hmm. All right. Shiny hunting tips from Shane.
All right. We need to get into some gaming news, though, because we're running a little long here.
Was my Shiny announcement that I found two since we've started today on the show, not news?
It's just sad. That's all. Let's see. We do have some comments from chat.
actdeft says, I don't think I have the patience.
s200mat says, I think Shane's show should be the Shiny Hoarders podcast.
Ziba says, I've only caught two Shiny Pokémon ever.
And Sterlok says, the only Shiny I ever found was a Centret at the beginning of Silver before you have access to Pokéballs.
Oh, that sucks. That really sucks. I was going to say, Centret's really cute Shiny, but not if you can't catch it.
And then Bobby Blackwolf says, I think I've only caught two Pokémon ever.
Well, you should get to fixing that. And if you haven't caught any Shinies ever, just don't worry.
I've been playing since Red and Blue, and my first Shiny I didn't get until when I had Black when it came out.
So that's Generation 5. So just have patience. You'll get it.
Alright. Let's see. We're going to get into some news, but just quickly, some housekeeping.
Be sure to follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We're also on Twitter. Twitter.com slash OLR.
As far as I know, we don't have any plans to take shows off in the foreseeable future.
But we will be gone Labor Day weekend. That's still a long ways out.
But that is, of course, Dragon Con 2016, which I'm already making my arrangements to be there in Atlanta.
Oh, I also found out this week, I will be at, this isn't until October, but I will be at Final Fantasy Fan Fest,
which is the Final Fantasy XIV convention, kind of like their version.
Oh, sad I'm not going.
BlizzCon. Yeah, Shane's not going. So what's up with that?
Well, I've got Power Morphicon this year. And then literally two days after Power Morphicon,
Pokémon World Championships in San Francisco. I'm going to that too.
Of course you are. Of course you are.
So there is really no time for...
You're going to go help us get some video for VOG? Come on, be a correspondent.
How am I going to do that when all I'm going to do is like jump in the pile of plush Pokémon toys at the...
Can you get a video of that?
I can get a video of me being escorted out.
Is that like the ball pit, but it's just like a Pokémon pit?
I would love that so much. I would hug them all.
Is, what's the convention that everybody made fun of? The TumblrCon?
Oh, yeah, within the ball pit.
DashCon, that's it.
Is there going to be like a DashCon where instead of the ball pit, you have a Pokémon pit?
Or it could be Pokéball pit.
Pick another flavor, by the way.
What's that?
Pick another flavor.
Oh, of cupcake?
Yeah.
I want to do the peanut butter one next, I think.
Okay.
Oh my God, I'm getting so full though. This is seriously the last cupcake for now.
All right, we got to get into some news for tonight. Starting off with Loki.
All right, so Sony has lost the, I guess it's been a pretty long battle for the class action lawsuits against the firmware update that took out the PlayStation 3 Linux that was on the original launch system for the PlayStation 3.
You may remember that was update 3.21, 3.21, easy to remember, in 2010.
And there was a lawsuit kind of in place saying that people did buy that system for the Linux and because of that, you know, they felt like they lost out on some functionality and, you know, kind of felt cheated.
So, people that were impacted by that, there's a couple ways you can get compensated for your sorrows.
One is if you feel that you were impacted, you know, and you use Linux and you can prove that you have, you know, used the Linux on there or that you used it, you can actually get $55, but it is going to be a little bit tricky to prove that.
Especially like, you know, if you didn't take any screenshots while you had it, I don't know how you'd be able to do that now since, you know, if you patched your system.
And then, of course, $9, which will be going to everyone else that owned a PlayStation 3.
So, if you can't prove that you used it, but if you felt like it was, you know, I'm kind of...
But you have to sign like an affidavit that says, I feel cheated by Sony. I am wronged.
Yeah, I'm willing to do that for $9.
Yeah, me too.
How much are you willing to sell your integrity for? $9? Alright, cool.
Oh, I don't know. I've already been the recipient of three class action lawsuits.
Oh, that's right. That's right. What did you have to say to get like three cans of Red Bull?
I got two cases of Red Bull and I just had to fill that out for myself and for my wife.
They eventually came and I drank them in like about a day, so...
It's worth it.
Stope and Chat with a good point saying, getting the affidavit notarized is probably going to cost $9.
Do you have to give them a notarized affidavit?
I don't know. If I do, that's not worth it.
Oh, that's crappy, yeah.
I don't care. It's just... whatever. It's there.
So, yeah. You probably would have gotten an email if you're a part of this. I got an email regarding it, so...
I didn't. I've had a PS3 since they came out, so...
Yeah, I don't remember getting an email about it.
I didn't buy it when it first came out, but I definitely remember the other OS option.
It should be to your PlayStation Network email, so whatever you have tied to it.
Oh, it's my... I have like a spam dump email. It's probably that one.
Yeah, so whatever you have tied to that, that's where it's going.
So, look out for it there.
Alright.
I'm disappointed. I mean, it would be nice to have the other OS stuff to just mess with it,
especially now that I don't play with my PlayStation 3.
It would be kind of cool to mess with that.
Yeah. It was... you know, I remember when we talked about that when it first happened,
because this show is that old.
And I do remember there was a lot of...
It seemed like... wasn't there like NASA or like scientists were actually using that feature
because the PlayStation 3 for the cost was more of a supercomputer than like the computers at the time?
Yeah, like the military was using it.
Yeah.
In like clusters.
And so they were really... I mean, they obviously don't connect those computers to the internet anyway.
Yeah, exactly. They wouldn't be updating it, so it wouldn't matter to them.
But like still though, it's functionality that you advertise it as...
And the whole reason, it's kind of... it's typical Sony, to be honest,
because it's just like when the PlayStation 3 came out,
rumble, that's so last generation.
And that's because they didn't want to pay for the licensing for the rumble feature,
and then eventually changed their mind on that.
And the Linux being on there, so they could advertise it as a computer system
and not as a game system because it gave them some sort of tax break or something.
So both of the things they've kind of flopped on are just because of, you know,
them trying to get around certain... paying certain things.
Well, didn't quite work out for you, now did it?
Yeah, you know, Sony made a lot of real...
They kind of bungled a lot around the PlayStation 3 launch, you know,
but they've come a long way, obviously.
Obviously, Sony's come a long way.
Now, you know, when it comes to E3,
they're the ones that are kind of laughing at everybody else with their presentation.
You know, maybe not as much this year as the year before,
but, you know, they still did a pretty darn good job this year.
But when it first launched, it was just kind of like one disaster after another.
So it's like when they removed the other OS thing,
it's kind of like they almost didn't think about it.
And you kind of wonder if there was like an arrogance about,
oh, people aren't going to be able to pirate.
It's that whole classic, this is unpiratable.
This can't happen, never going to...
And it's like you're just challenging people more to make it happen.
You are. I mean...
Not that it makes piracy right.
I'm just saying, you can't be arrogant about your anti-piracy measures necessarily either.
Because really the only thing that is working is forcing your game to always be online to play it.
And as much as people hate that, it kind of works with anti-piracy mostly.
Well, mostly, even Fallen Fantasy XI, though, you're able to find a way to play that online.
And, yeah.
I don't know if it's one of the stories and maybe a last minute story or something,
but they have some information about a way to get around Blue Burst.
You can play that offline, too.
Really?
Yeah.
For PSO?
I miss those days.
Blue Burst was pretty good.
Dark Sakura, we need to pick up PSO again. That would be fun.
I'm down.
We should pick up PSO2, though, because that actually is pretty cool.
PSO2 is really good and the patches are...
I mean, I'd probably say the fan translations are about 90%, right?
Why the fuck doesn't Sega just put it out officially in the US?
Why do I have to jump through all these fucking hoops?
Because they're making us work for them.
Especially when it's already in English.
God damn it, Sega.
Because Sonic, boom.
Okay, every time that Sonic the Hedgehog thing to it, you're like, can't we...
Okay, somebody set up a bot on Twitter so that every time Donald Trump tweets something,
he gets a picture of Hillary that says, delete your account.
Somebody set up a bot to do that every time.
Can I get a bot made so that every time Sonic the Hedgehog tweets something, it says, PSO2.
PSO2.
I mean, I really shouldn't probably be encouraging that kind of behavior on Twitter, but you know what?
But that bot was funny, though, because it would tweet nonsense to people and people would argue with it,
and it's hilarious.
Because they'd be arguing with this person that's not really a person,
and they're just repeating nonsensical things back to...
I mean...
Alright, anyway.
Hey, it's another week.
It must be time for more Nintendo NX rumors.
And what's the latest this week?
Alright, well this is from a game blog in France that's actually called gameblog.fr.
A very large French gaming site saying that Nintendo NX will be on par with PlayStation Neo.
Meaning the types of specifications, the chips that are inside and all that.
They are saying it will be unveiled in September, around the time of the Tokyo Game Show,
but they're not saying at Tokyo Game Show.
But that is kind of in line with what most of us are thinking anyway.
That Nintendo is going to time their own event around Tokyo Game Show.
I don't buy this information at all.
Interesting.
Well, if the rumor were to stop there, I'd probably go with it,
but then it goes on to say, the reports say there will be remasters.
Skyward Sword, Mario Kart, and Smash Brothers.
Oh my god, Skyward Sword would be so good if we don't have to stand up and play it.
There are third-party titles in the works by Square Enix and Capcom.
It will be on par with the PlayStation Neo, in spite of Reggie Fils-Aime recently saying the NX is not about specs, but about content.
You can be about content and still have good specs.
I don't see it being on spec with them.
I think it's going to be maybe on spec with maybe a PlayStation 4, which is fine.
I mean, if it could be on spec with that.
I don't think it might even match that, but if they're looking at doing a portable system, I don't see how that's possible.
I mean, I don't see how they're going to be able to keep the battery life there and have it run with that kind of graphics horsepower,
and it being a portable form factor, I don't see that happening.
I feel like there's going to be something that makes the resolution lower on the handheld, that it takes less power or something.
I don't know. I mean, I don't know all the ins and outs about it, but I feel like the Vita is capable of producing graphics that are on par,
probably with a PlayStation 3, if not even a little bit more.
And you can do that on a Vita, as far as the handheld side of things goes.
Now, with the console living room base itself or whatever it is, we're just assuming it is a handheld and a console, but I don't see it.
Nintendo's got to do something with their handhelds, and that's been way too quiet.
Well, here's why we would think that.
It's because if they're, and I'm sure you're going to get into this, but a certain form factor for their games,
why would you switch to that if you're now not trying to cut down on the size of the system?
I mean, there's no reason why you wouldn't switch away from a certain format that everybody uses to go that route. I don't understand.
Well, let me go ahead and mention that, because I think this is right along the lines of what you're thinking about right now.
So, yet again, the cartridge rumor gaining a lot of steam.
Not only did it get mentioned in some GameStop conference call, where they actually were talking about physical media,
that it's going to be involved with the NX, but recently in the trademark office, the trademark was filed for Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild,
and in the trademark documents, it actually said video game cartridge.
It should be noted that the Wii U games that get registered for trademarks don't say that, but the 3DS games do.
So, this indicates that there is going to be a cartridge for Zelda Breath of the Wild.
Now, when I say cartridge, I think a lot of people still, in their minds, think of the big gray things that went with the old school Nintendo and the Super Nintendo.
Like, even though you say cartridges do not have to be that big anymore.
Like, cartridges can be like a 3DS game, like a little card that goes in your camera. That could be a cartridge.
So, it seems like NX is probably going towards cartridge.
Like, the rumor that it's gaining a lot more steam, that that is where it's going with NX.
Although, you know digital will still be available as well. They will love to sell you games digitally.
Well, yeah, I'm sure.
They can give you a 32GB hard drive to put them all on.
Yeah, exactly. I have two games on my Wii U, and I already have to pop in a USB drive to put in Smash, which is stupid.
It's sad. My 3DS has 64GB in it, which is double what my Wii U has.
It's my portable system.
Here's the thing about the NX and the cost and all that, is that Nintendo doesn't sell things at a loss.
So, the specs have to match the price that they're going for, and Nintendo usually tries...
Nintendo's not going to try to sell a $400 living room system.
I would say the most they're going to try to sell a living room system for is $300.
Because what Wii U was $250, and then $300 for the one you really wanted?
I thought it was $350 for that one.
Was it?
I don't know. Like, I'm worried because they don't get it.
A lot of things they don't seem to get until like way later. Like, they didn't get digital downloads and storage and everything.
That's why the system's launched with 32GB in it. It's like, oh, people don't need it. No one does that.
I mean, it's just so nonchalant, like oblivious to gaming trends or the trends of their own industry.
Which makes me wonder, like, that's why I don't think this thing would be up to spec to like a PlayStation Neo.
Because they wouldn't think to do that.
I still think it will be at least the PlayStation 4 level, though.
I think it'll be beyond PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, but I don't know if it'll be as far along as these second generations, mid-generation upgrades or whatever we're calling it.
I was going to say, kind of along the lines of the PlayStation Neo, too, since I don't see what we're going to be talking about later.
But they, I guess, Digital Foundry or whatever, they looked at some of the specs or whatever for the PlayStation Neo or some of the information they have from like chip manufacturers or something like that.
Basically, the card that's in that system is going to be comparable to, it's spec-wise, almost identical to the R480 that's coming out.
So they're brand new Radeon cards that are basically spec-wise. For Nvidia, it's almost like a GTX 980.
So the thing with that, though, and one of the reasons they're saying that, that might be one of the reasons that that card is so cheap coming out.
Because Sony has purchased so many of those chips, it's allowed them to offset the cost of the actual card to bring down the cost to consumers.
But if that's the case, then the price of that system could be low, too.
They could actually put that system out maybe for $399 and have a higher-end system that's basically almost on par with what's being sold right now, which would be pretty cool.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Sound Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, frog.
Alright, well, you know what? We still don't know until Nintendo finally frickin' says something official, so we'll just keep waiting!
They probably won't say anything until the day it comes out. They'll just drop it. Didn't they do that with Saturn or whatever?
Yeah, and it's been like every gamer's dream that that's going to happen again.
No, I don't want it to happen. I think that's dumb.
The Saturn also didn't...
It's not. There's no way that's going to happen, and I'll tell you why.
Because we live in the age of the internet, and the reason that won't happen anymore is because in order to do a launch like that, you have to ship consoles to stores, which means you have to communicate with stores, which means you have to do ordering and planning and blah blah blah blah blah.
And that shit leaks like fucking crazy, so there's no way that no one's going to know what's going to happen because it'll get fucking leaked out by some GameStop employee immediately.
Doesn't, like when Apple do releases, they also have their own retail chain, so they're usually able to keep a lid on it a lot easier.
I was going to say, they don't usually get it out the same day, but they can be like, you can get it three days from now.
And that can happen sometimes too. I remember Microsoft, we wouldn't know until, oh hey, they're launching a slim console, we get the setup information that day of the announcement at E3, that type of thing.
So that's possible, but then again, we were a distributor and we're kind of like second tier to their direct partners, so who knows, they probably got the information a lot sooner than we did.
So I think though, like a major system launch, you're going to know about it beforehand.
Alright, well let's move on with some more news. DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, some long-standing, yet kind of stupid questions about Sonic the Hedgehog have been answered.
And these were answered by, hold on just a second, okay it was answered by the head of Sonic Team, Tashaki Iizuka, who answered these very stupid questions, some of them were stupid.
So we'll go ahead and start. Where does Sonic keep all of his rings? The answer, I'm not sure.
In his butt.
In his butt. And now the big one though is answering why Eggman, if it's Eggman or Robotnik.
It's clearly not his butt, because you can't put a ring in your butt.
Some people do.
It would go run his cock. It would go, he's going to have a jingling cock as he's running from-
He's got some sparkly bangles.
It's like playing ring toss as a kid where you try to throw the ring around the big pole. Right, Shane?
No, we're not talking about this.
Anyway, of course, and it's something that most of us knew anyway, Robotnik in the US and everywhere else in the world was originally called Eggman in Japan.
So they actually, because of the sort of divide on there, what they did is he went and said, okay, fine, his name is officially Robotnik, but everyone calls him Eggman. That's his nickname.
And so Eggman is the official name from all the rest of the games out.
The rings on his wang and the egg in his butt.
So, they also were talking about Sonic wearing a scarf for Sonic Boom.
It said that it's just a way to differentiate between the different versions of Sonic.
Like, listen, Sonic Boom sucks, okay? That's all you need.
We don't know what the fuck we're doing. Why does he have a million bandages on? I don't know.
Other question is, why is Knuckles so gullible?
Well, he was made somewhat gullible so that he would believe Eggman instead of believe Sonic.
And then, of course, get extra angry that he was tricked and want revenge.
It's like they came up with all these designs for characters and had, like, no fucking backstory at all.
So there was another one about Tails dying a lot in the classic games.
Like, he doesn't just die. He just comes back and hangs out. He doesn't die a lot.
The whole point is that Sonic wouldn't be alone during the gameplay, plus the fact that you had the two mothers.
They refer to him as someone that your younger brother can play as Tails and do whatever he wants to.
But not your younger sister.
But not your younger sister, apparently.
It's more about teamwork and cooperation so that younger kids could play along with their siblings.
And then, my favorite question. Why do whales hate Sonic so much?
That's a good question.
The sea is that killer whale's home. That is why he chased Sonic. To keep his home.
Another one was the supersonic comparison to Goku.
And he was like, um, he's not really a fan. He's not cosplaying.
And then talking about the chaoa, they don't show up in other games because they need fresh, pure water to live in.
Like I said, dumb questions.
Listen, there's no way that supersonic is anywhere near the same as, you know, a Super Saiyan in Dragon Ball.
It's not like he has to collect a certain amount of orb-like items in order to transform into this character.
That doesn't happen at all.
Well, they don't have to collect any orbs in Dragon Ball Z.
Whatever. I don't know. It's Sonic. It doesn't make any sense.
It's built into their DNA.
It doesn't fucking make any sense. It's Sonic. It was a platformer game that they just made some characters.
Very minimal backstory. That's it. Now you're fucking asking stupid questions.
This honestly reminded me of the kind of bullshit nonsense that they were asking during that fucking Pokemon Go thing.
Where they had two super fans of Pokemon Go.
And this is like, where does he keep all his rings?
No one's gonna fucking ask that or gives a shit about that.
It's like, why did you fucking make a werehog? That seems like a really poor design decision.
Can't you just ask us about the rings or the scarves?
You can see like with the scarves thing, he goes really fast. Therefore, he gets cold. Done. Perfect.
Or they just want to show off the physics with the scarves.
Yeah, it makes more fucking sense than like, I don't know. Just, what the fuck is on the screen right now?
What the hell is this thing that stoppie-linked me in the chatroom saying,
do you want to know what Rob the Hedgehog looks like? And that's what I got.
And, um, no. No! No. Anyways, all to no.
You know what's actually funny thing about that Tails thing? I want to say that, um, what was it?
They did a really funny video about that one time about Tails being immortal.
It was one of those Dorkly videos. Go check that out. It's hilarious.
Dark Sakura, what would you have asked Sonic the Hedgehog?
Why haven't you been in a good game recently?
What do you think the answer would be?
But Sonic Boom! No bitch.
Alright, if that's it for Sonic, we'll move on to the next story. Lowkey.
Alright, this is kind of ridiculous, but I guess we hear about this at PAX and E3.
I think we've seen this at E3 before, but apparently someone tried to steal the demo for Zelda Breath of the Wild.
And, um, apparently what happened was there was somebody that was actually...
I don't even know how they were able to bring a PC in, hook it up to the demo pod, and somehow try to copy the files over for that.
They used some sort of URL trick that tricks the system into running unauthorized code.
And somehow, they say that they were successful to be able to copy stuff, but they copied the wrong files.
So yeah.
So wait, they could have stolen the demo, but they actually copied the wrong files?
They apparently copied the wrong files.
That's some kind of sweet poetic justice, isn't it?
So, um, yeah. Well, A, how did these people get past E3's screening process? It always blows my mind.
Well, it's like, isn't someone watching those people play this demo?
Okay, it's like a fucking fortress for us to get into E3, but then you hear about these thieves got into E3, like no problem, and it's like, oh my god.
The people watching are always just, or almost always just like a hired set of people that don't actually work for the company.
So, they're just there to...
Yeah, but they mean like, I mean, I'm sure that it gives like, hey, if they're trying to mess with this, you know, kind of hey, let us know?
I mean, I think it's a little suspicious.
All those people don't care.
For example, when I worked for Nintendo and we did the E3 demo where we had like Mario Kart and Wind Waker, we were given help through a third-party company.
The person I got did not care at all.
Like, they were just standing around doing nothing.
So, if you're hiring a whole bunch of people that are like that, then I could see this happening very easily.
That's silly.
Wait, was this one of those scenarios possibly where like, the killer is calling from in the house, meaning the person who was hired by Nintendo to help with the show tried to steal the demo?
Because that would be a very elaborate way to do it.
That'd be funny. I doubt it.
I don't know about funny, but it would be kind of one of those like, oh, shit, like that's a pretty James Bond way to steal a demo.
But, you know, with all the hype that this game has, it'd be interesting.
Anyway, don't steal things. It's not nice.
Going to the next story, which is about Yacht Club games, because I think, isn't like today also Shovel Knight's birthday?
I think it's two years old.
Yeah, I think it's a anniversary for Shovel Knight, which, you know, a lot of y'all love Shovel Knight, and rightfully so.
And they've been adding, you know, content into Shovel Knight.
So, it would be curious what Yacht Club might do next.
And they actually created a poll that is very simply, what game should we make next?
And what's great about this is that it actually is saying a Zelda, a Metroid, Shovel Kart, or Shovel Knight 2.
A Metroid.
Yeah, I would love to see a Metroid as well, but wouldn't like a Shovel Knight 2 kind of be an inevitable thing as well?
Or a Metroid game.
Yeah, I'm like, can't you guys do more than one game?
I mean, not to be off topic, but have you seen the demo for Bloodstained?
I haven't. I heard the backers.
Oh my god, I've watched a lot of streams of it. I mean, it's not that long of a demo.
It's pretty amazing.
I'm definitely a lot better looking than Mighty No. 9 right now.
I was gonna say, you know, well, Mighty No. 9, like I know the big wave tends to be going against that game right now.
Especially what I see on Twitter and the critics and all that.
But like I know, and I was mentioning this earlier in the show, like our pal Captain Spike over at Game Buoy seemed to really enjoy it.
I haven't played it yet, so I can't tell you one way or the other.
Or at Ranger Pride. You know, he has that show too.
Oh, that's right. Yeah, there's that little thing too.
But that show's not as good as Game Buoy.
I'm just messing.
But with Mighty No. 9, you know, there are some people out there who are like, you know what, the internet is shitting on this too much.
Like it doesn't deserve all this backlash it's getting. It's not a bad game.
So, but regardless of all that, it does seem like a lot of people are very cautious about Kickstarters and all this stuff.
Because Mighty No. 9 may have kind of damaged Kickstarted games.
But it's kind of nice to hear that Bloodstained maybe could reverse that.
Yeah.
From a lot of what, you know, the feedback is very positive on that.
So it's like you might have a good Kickstarter story out there.
Yeah, it's just disappointing just kind of how that game turned out.
Because even looking at some of the footage that they showed before, the concept footage from Comcept, it was just like a very...
It doesn't even look as nice as the original kind of idea that they had.
I feel like from what I've watched of it being played, and from what I've heard, because I've heard it's not a terrible game, it's just kind of average.
It's also based in Unreal 3. I mean, they're using a fucking old engine for that.
But I think the big problem with that game, from what I've seen, is that it's billed as like the spiritual successor to Mega Man.
Where it looks like the main part of that is just that you fight robot bosses and get their abilities.
They did a lot of tweaking and like adding stuff that kind of takes it away from the Mega Man sort of experience.
And so, whereas Bloodstained, I mean that's basically Symphony of the Night or any other Castlevania games after Symphony of the Night that played the same way.
And it's beautiful, and they're not trying to do something that takes it so far out of that sort of genre there.
Whereas Mighty No. 9, from what I've seen and heard, kind of does drift too far away from the Mega Man formula.
I'm fine with it drifting away from the Mega Man formula, but it's just kind of not good looking. I don't know.
I watched a lot of different streams for it. I have no interest in picking it up. Whereas I was pretty excited about it when it was Kickstaring it.
I'm glad I didn't back it.
And seriously, what the fuck is up with the stupid end credits? The end credits are fucking four hours long.
The game is less than four hours long.
Well, when you promise you're going to put everybody's name in the credits.
But it's not! It's like the Mighty No. backer number blah blah blah, you know, something.
And that's it. It's just fucking stupid.
You know what? They put every single backer in fucking the end of Kung Fury, and that didn't take fucking four hours long.
And I know that there was probably around the same number of backers.
I mean, there's got to be a better way than running that for four fucking hours. No one's going to watch that shit.
No, they're just looking through to find themselves. That's all.
That's what I did with Shadowgate. I just ran through to find myself.
People usually do like what I did with the ending of the first Mass Effect after the song ended and the credits were still going.
I just went to go to the bathroom.
Yeah, I got up to make a sandwich, you know, get ready for the next game.
Oh, but Mass Effect 1 credits have the best song.
I said after the song was over because the credits kept going.
Oh yeah, it does.
Alright, well before we get to release dates, let's do another story from Jamie.
Well, this is something about Capcom, especially about Resident Evil 7, also known as, I guess, PT-like, as the trailer indicates.
It's not even close.
Nothing is PT.
No.
So anyway, they are taking out certain things that we expected in the previous ones.
They're removing the quick time events.
There are no quick time events in this particular game, but they are going back to the roots of horror and exploration so that those are the primary focus.
There's still puzzle solving, still resource management, enemy combat, but none of those things that just don't work for the series.
So, hopefully we'll be able to see if it's any good.
And one thing that they did specify is that they haven't turned it into a ghost story.
It's just going to make sense by the time you get to the ending.
Shane, it sounds like you weren't super impressed by the demo.
I never got around to playing it because I felt that you would be very mad at me if I played it when you weren't around.
No, I just wanted to hear you scream.
It's just, I read that they said that they started this demo and this concept before PT was announced or whatever.
Even though I don't believe that.
It's just, everybody's trying to copy what PT did and some have better success than others.
And this Resident Evil demo, it's got some pretty creepy sounds that come out of nowhere, but on the whole it is not scary.
It's kind of just annoying. There's items in it that you have no use for in the demo.
It's not like stuff hasn't been figured out. Everything has been figured out about that demo according to stuff that Capcom has said.
So it's like, why did you put this item in here? There's no great big mystery like there is in PT.
PT set up a great atmosphere. It's very scary. This Resident Evil demo doesn't deliver on either of those fronts.
It's a shame because that trailer during Sony's press conference was really exciting.
And even starting out the game watching it was pretty exciting.
But then it just kind of goes nowhere and is not that great.
Yeah, it was one of the few trailers that are in there that was like, what? That's Resident Evil?
Yeah, I was like, oh, somebody picked up PT.
I called that it was Call of Duty when I saw that because it just looks like it should be Call of Duty.
But no, I don't know. I just don't feel like they are going to be making a good game.
That's fine and I don't disagree. But if you're going to make it like PT, make it good enough to live up to that.
Don't phone it in in a way. They tried to obviously go for something very realistic looking like PT did.
And a lot of stuff in there does not look nearly as good as PT which came out two years ago or whatever at this point.
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of things that will be coming out a lot sooner than Resident Evil 7 or PT for that matter.
This week we've got 7 Days to Die on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, God Eater Resurrection on PlayStation 4 and Vita,
Grand Kingdom on PlayStation 4 and Vita, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Eyes of Heaven on PlayStation 4,
Lego's Star Wars The Force Awakens on PC, Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Vita, Wii U, and 3DS on all those wonderful platforms,
Prison Architect on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, the remaster of Resident Evil 5 coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
Star Ocean Integrity and Faithlessness on PlayStation 4, Terraria finally coming out on Wii U,
The Technomancer on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, Zero Time Dilemma on Vita and 3DS,
Inside on Xbox One, and then finally BoxBox Boy and 3DS, Super Robot Wars Original Generation,
The Moon Dwellers on PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4, and Zero Time Dilemma on PC.
Alright, traveling over to Japan and checking out what is coming out over there on the release date of June 30th would be the next release date.
We have on PlayStation 4 Super Robot Wars OG The Moon Dwellers in regular and limited edition.
The Walking Dead Season 2 gets its release, which is brought to you by Square Enix over in Japan, which I think is interesting.
Also some best editions for Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition.
There's also a limited edition of Dragon's Dogma Online Season 2. That is all on the PlayStation 4 this week.
On the Wii U this week, nothing in Japan. It's kind of a dry period for the Wii U, as most weeks tend to be.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, Zatai Kaiku Gakuen comes out this week, as well as Zero Escape Toki no Dilemma comes out.
And lastly, on the Nintendo 3DS this week, there's a Shovel Knight Amiibo set coming out this week, and Zero Escape Toki no Dilemma is also out on the 3DS.
So there you go. There's also a bunch of accessories with Kirby Robobo on it, so you can look for that.
A lot of stuff releasing for that game, although I believe that game has already come out in Japan, as it has here.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
On the 28th, we have Prison Architect for PS4, Xbox One, and Xbox 360, and bless you.
Thank you.
On June 30th, we have Box Box Boy for 3DS, and the incredible adventures of Van Helsing 2 for Xbox One.
And that is all.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week. Loki.
So this is kind of neat.
Oculus has finally removed some of its DRM from their VR, not really their games, but the actual Oculus drivers that they have running.
Before they had something in place where it basically would not allow you to run certain apps to actually be able to revive,
which allow you to run those Oculus games on non-Oculus systems.
So now with that, they've removed the DRM, and I guess now you can do that again.
So that was part of Oculus Runtime 1.5. They added that check.
I guess they realized they were not going to get around people.
It's nice. I understand they're still going to have their Oculus exclusives and stuff.
I hope we get to a point some point soon where they treat those devices more like monitors than they do actual gaming platforms.
And just open it up for everybody, because you're going to get more games that way.
Let's see, going to chat, Bobby Blackwolf, our resident VR expert here at VOG Network, says there's still DRM, it's just not a hardware check anymore.
SteamVR is already open.
So, no more is it trying to ensure that you're playing with...
Yeah, you have like an Oculus Rift and stuff. Yeah, that's what I meant.
Basically locking it down.
Hey, are you a fan of the new Mortal Kombat game and how it brings all these horror...
No!
No, you're not a fan of Jason.
I think it's dumb.
They're cool, but it's a little weird sometimes. That's all they kind of fill it in with.
I like the mythos of Mortal Kombat itself. Don't drag in things from our entertainment industry like horror slasher monster guys.
Unless, of course, you want to add PBS characters into that, like Barney and Caillou and stuff.
Mr. Rogers?
Well, Mr. Rogers might be a little sensitive.
King Friday?
King Friday.
Noah Lane, she was a bitch.
Put a Lane in there and let's see, Oscar the Grouch. I like this.
Oscar the Grouch?
Bob Ross.
He's going to beat the devil out of you.
Yes, he is.
That'd be awesome.
Dar Sager, would you play this fight? Would you play PBS fighters?
Who would be your character in PBS fighters?
If you could do PBS fighters, technically any of the Doctor Who cast could be involved.
From the 80s and 70s.
Okay.
Maybe back to the 60s. I don't know if they started with the 60s series on PBS.
But the fourth Doctor would just give everyone Jelly Babies as a taunt.
And then land the TARDIS on them. I don't know.
I'm changing my answer then. If we're taking any PBS show, I'm going to roll with Math Man.
From Square One.
Okay, I was thinking of that.
Or one of the people from Math Net.
But then I thought of one even better, and I want to be the chief from Carmen Sandiego.
You see, I thought about that.
Yes!
Or one of the villains. I'll be Double Trouble.
You should just be Carmen Sandiego.
Or...
For Rockapella.
Because a lot of British TV shows, you could just land the entirety of Faulty Towers on it.
Loki, did you think of a character you'd want to be in PBS Fighters?
No, I haven't really thought of anything.
But if you want to be funny, you could do a character from Are You Being Served?
No, I think for a PBS fighting game, let's see.
I would pick...
I don't know. Do you guys think that PBS Fighters from Ed Boon may be an actual OLR dream game?
Wait, I know I watched it on Amazon.
I think so. I vote for PBS Fighters as a dream game.
PBS Fighters is a seconded.
Alright.
I watched it on Amazon, but isn't Downton Abbey on PBS? Can I please be Maggie Smith?
Yes, Downton Abbey is on PBS.
I love Downton Abbey, oh my god.
All she has to do is stand there and make snarky quips.
God, everybody would die so quick.
Alright, it's official. PBS Fighters is an OLR dream game.
Oh, I don't know who to main now. Am I going to be Math Man or Maggie Smith?
I don't even feel like reading this story anymore.
People who know how to do stuff in Moogen, it could happen.
Alright, well anyway, I guess this subpar idea that Ed Boon is tossing around there...
This story is worthless. Just move on. We made it better.
Alright, look, somebody asked if he would do a fighting game with all the horror movie franchise icons,
and he was like, you know, fan feedback, but if the demand is there, we're always listening.
I would play it.
I would still play it too.
The answer is yes, we'd like to do that, but licensing costs money, so yeah.
But think about it now though. You've already seen certain types of characters in Killer Instinct.
If they can make an onryo in Killer Instinct work, then that instantly gives us an entire series of Japanese horror flick series.
So, it could happen.
It could happen.
SSG100Matt says, I had a friend that was on Carmen Sandiego.
She made it to the end, but she didn't catch Carmen, so she could...
Did she get fucking stuck with the Africa map or like one of the ones that's like impossible that nobody could ever beat?
Because yeah, that's horrible.
But, I would like to ask this question since we're talking about game shows.
How am I now 38 years old and I've never been on a game show?
You technically were.
When?
You were in the Audience of the Price is Right.
Okay, I was in the Audience of the Price is Right for two episodes, but I wasn't picked.
But I saw you on TV.
I recorded that shit for you.
That was a lot.
Okay, guys, that was before OLR when that happened.
That was a long time ago.
I recorded that for you.
Well, technically, I mean, we've been on the news.
I mean, that's sort of...
That's not game show.
I was in a deleted scene of RuPaul's Drag Race.
So, if you do consider Drag Race a game show, I guess I was.
But I wasn't a contestant.
Not that season.
But, did you know that one of the things our show...
Not that I should be reminding listeners of other things they can listen to live,
but our show right now...
Like, fuck Game of Thrones. I know everybody's losing their shit.
No, I can't look at Twitter right now because it's apparently a really good episode.
Fuck that show.
I don't watch the show, but I read the spoilers.
Oh my god!
Okay, that's it. We're not talking about it.
Stop. I watch the show.
Hold the door for a minute. I'm not done with the conversation.
I see what you did there.
That was super lame.
That's like an old person joke.
Fuck off.
But, we're up against on ABC tonight.
There is a three-hour block.
The first hour, Celebrity Family Feud, which really is just the Steve Harvey show.
We all know that, you know, we never thought Richard Dawson could be topped,
but Steve Harvey does an amazing job.
Hour two is the $100,000 pyramid with Michael Stram, from Kelly and Michael.
He's not there anymore, so...
Well, yeah, he's not there anymore. He's doing the $100,000 pyramid.
The $100,000... Not the $100,000 pyramid.
The $100,000 pyramid.
That was gross.
I don't mind it now.
The $100,000 period hosted by Maury Povich.
You are not the father.
And then lastly, the third hour is the match game with Alec Baldwin.
Who are the celebrities?
I think the first episode is Rosie O'Donnell is one of them.
I'm sure Gilbert Gottfried's in there somewhere.
The one that caught my eye was Titus Bergeron from...
What's his name? Titus... The guy from... Kimmy Schmidt.
Nice.
Yeah, I think you're thinking Tom Bergeron when you said that.
No, Titus...
No, I know, but...
No, that's the name of the show.
No, I know, but the last...
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
I'm going to stand here and be clueless because I've never watched that.
Oh my god, you need to be watching that show.
Oh, Alan's here! Hi, Alan!
Hello, I just walked through the door with groceries
and I overheard you talking about Steve Harvey's Family Feud.
The subtitle of that is just...
It should just be called White People Are Nasty.
Because it's just some white mom being, like, an erection
and then it's on the board and Steve Harvey goes to church.
Like, that's what the show is.
Yeah, but that shit is funny.
Like, every time somebody shares that on Facebook,
I laugh and I laugh and I laugh.
It's great.
Alright, anyway...
So, anyway, my whole point of that was why haven't I been on a game show yet?
I need that to happen.
I think that should be my dream.
Before I'm 40, I need to be on a game show.
Move to Burbank.
Bye, Rob.
Alright.
Let's take a trip down memory lane, shall we?
Let's go back to a simpler time.
Let's go back to a year when I was on The Price is Right
in the audience
with a tag that said my legal name on it
because you couldn't use your middle name
because of reasons if you won the prize.
Anyway, it's a classic game of the week
and Dark Sakura chooses a game that she thinks,
Hey, look, you brats in your fucking Mighty No. 9.
Yeah.
You need to go back to Mighty No. of the year 2000 and play this.
You need to wave your hands around and do stuff.
Wave your hands like you just don't care.
Oh, I'm so excited to hear this.
Alright, Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Dance Maniacs.
Because I think I've done for most anniversary shows,
I picked a Bimani game.
I was like, you're on a Bimani kick lately.
You just did one last week.
I did Papa Music because I play Papa Music.
So I picked Dance Maniacs.
Oh, I almost picked Diablo.
But...
Yeah, it's an anniversary show.
This is a better choice.
Do Diablo next week.
Maybe.
Now I'm going to forget all about Diablo and just do nothing but Bimani.
So, Dance Maniacs.
It was from, of course, a Bimani game.
It was published by Konami when they didn't suck.
And it uses...
Most of the songs come from the Dance Mania series of music.
And it has plenty in common with DDR.
It came out in March 2000.
And it was a fairly unique kind of game when it came out.
I like to think of this as the weird grandparent of Para Para Paradise.
I'm sorry.
Every time I hear this song, which is in Dance Maniacs...
I love this song.
Okay, but I think of Sister Act.
Me too.
Every single time without fail.
Especially since the video for it is all doves flying into sunshine.
It's fucking Sister Act.
I reject it as a Bimani song.
It's always a Sister Act soundtrack song.
Okay.
Sorry.
You've got eight different sensors.
You've got a set of four on top and a set of four in the middle.
And so you can do two player side by side on each of the little diagonals.
You can play in center mode for solo.
And then...
Which is how I prefer to play.
Or you can do two player at the same time.
So, basically...
And there's also doubles play where you can use all eight sensors.
So they're all predefined courses.
You have different options for difficulty.
And quite a few songs to choose from.
But you also have some other goodies in there too.
Like picking...
I just lost my train of thought.
I'm sorry, the extra modes came in second mix.
But I will go back to the first mix.
It doesn't stick in with that one.
So the way that you play, you have the pink lanes for the upper sensors.
And the blue ones for the under.
And so you have to go...
You know, basically the pink ones are for...
You go high for the blue ones, you go low.
I mean, just watch a video of someone playing it and looking really dumb.
There are some people though who can do it really awesome.
Who like will use their legs and everything.
It's pretty neat.
You had to when you had to hit three at once?
Well, yeah.
Some of them.
That was some knees right there.
Yep.
And so you either finish all the songs in the course or you die.
Like meet the key to it.
Now in second mix we got marathon mode.
Which only had songs that were in second mix.
And so basically you just had to continuously keep your bar up.
Convos with at least a thousand will show fever after the number of combos.
And then there was also the second mix Append Jay Paradise.
And it included the songs from first mix with it.
But you could only choose three of those titles in the marathon mode.
So...
And the marathon courses could be up to...
25 I think it was.
But it could be set by the operator of the arcade.
How long marathon mode lasted.
So...
And of course it gets hard.
I think I've only made it like seven songs in on marathon.
This YouTube that you have up has somebody going for 25 stages.
Yeah.
It's over a half hour.
I've made it like...
I think in a full combo.
I've made like 20 minutes in some of the marathon modes.
And then the thing with Dance Maniacs is it hurts if you mess up.
Like you break your wrist and your hands.
I've hit my hands way too many times on the sensors.
I actually have...
Like I was trying to build a home brew Dance Maniacs cabinet one time.
So I have some of the sensors.
And those suckers are fucking solid metal.
It's just...
You can kill somebody with one of those sensors.
Also I fucking love this song.
Which one is it?
Mind Parasite.
I had to repost it on my Facebook.
Dance Maniacs has some of the best music.
Whether it be Crossover or from the Dance Maniacs.
It's got Body.
It's got Gorgeous 2012.
It has Wanda.
It's got Sky High.
It's got cool remixes of Upside Down and Boom Boom Dollar.
Oh the music is so good.
I still laugh about Sky High.
Because when I was in high school we had the sheet music for that marching band.
And I remember...
Oh did I say...
I didn't mean Sky High.
I'm sorry.
It has Hot Limit.
I don't think it has Sky High.
Hot...
No.
Sky High was solo wasn't it?
Sky High...
Depends on which Sky High.
I thought they had Sky High in one of them.
There were two songs called Sky High.
I'm thinking of the one that was the remake of the 70s song.
That one.
Yeah that's the remake of the 70s song.
Is that in Dance Maniacs?
I meant to say Hot Limit.
I know that.
Hot Limit and Wanda is what I meant to say.
Well anyway the music pretty much as we have gone over and over.
Pretty much came from all the Dance Mania series.
They had to deal with Toshiba, EMI to basically freely license any track they wanted to.
And then of course they had the Bimani core ones too.
So Dance Maniacs first released in 2000 with 26 songs.
Dance Maniacs second mix had 28 new songs and 25 from the original Dance Maniacs.
So 53 total.
The only song that did not come over was My Sharona by DJ Mico.
Dance Maniacs second mix appended JParadise added 14 new songs that were a good portion from Dance Mania JParadise.
And then they had a secret song Paranoia Jazzy Groove plus Trip Machine Climax Dead End Sink Edit.
Plus Dead End Sink Edit.
So I'm getting all crazy.
But these were only in there as I believe custom made steps.
And then of course there was the Korean released Dance Freaks.
They came out in 2000 with 33 songs.
There were the original 26 plus 7 licensed Korean songs that were particular to that version.
Some of them are really good songs. I'm looking at them right now.
Cause I recognize them from Pump.
I don't see Sky High by the way.
I meant to say Hot Limit. I don't know why I said Sky High.
But I'm looking at the soundtrack or the list right now.
This game had probably the best percentages of amazing songs compared to crappy songs.
Sanctus? Come on.
And what else did I see on here?
Quickening?
This is the one that gave us Together in Forever.
What?
So it also gave us, I think Together in Forever was only in this one for the longest time.
Has Johnny John-Ahh?
Yeah.
So good.
And we had some of the great stuff from Beatmania.
From the early Beatmania.
Quickening.
We had different remixes of the other Bimani these days.
Doctor Love.
There were the remixes of, I'm thinking of Matsuri.
Happy Hopper was like another of my favorites in this one.
But it always gave me a headache.
But you had Virtual Mind and Paranoia and just all kinds of stuff.
Mobo Mogu is in here?
Yep. Mobo Mogu. Tokyo already.
But you know, that was like a lot of my favorite Para Para music.
So I really think that this could seriously be considered the immediate precursor to Para Para Paradise.
There's so much Eurobeat in here.
So much Super Eurobeat.
We make some dumb Dariram.
It used to be like my DDR song too.
I miss this game a lot.
Do you think I could buy a machine for cheap?
My friend bought one for pretty cheap.
Really?
Yeah, he has one.
I might buy one. What do you think?
I want one.
Yeah, and then just make sure that you have good hand insurance.
I was going to say...
Wear boxing gloves when you play.
There's a Facebook group.
It's Shonagan's Arcade.
They do a lot of like, here's a machine.
They had a fucking DDR Extreme for $350 in the Bay Area.
What was wrong with it?
I was like, I think one of the sides was messed up.
But it's probably simple to fix.
Alright, well, DarkSocker, anything else you want to say about Dance Maniacs?
I hope I like this song too.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Dance Maniacs.
Alright, that's going to do it for this first half of the show.
We've got plenty more show to come.
We're going to do some rapid fire news when we get back.
Yes, a FUCL Question of the Week and Listless.
Okay, y'all ready for the Listless topic this week?
So you can be brainstorming during the break.
Or should I tease them?
Should I give it when we get back?
Do you think...
Tease them a little. Give them a little pinch.
Alright, tonight's topic will be about Konami.
And I'm going to tell you specifically what when we come back.
With more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight on June the 26th of 2016 with episode number 647 of our show.
Our 14th anniversary show already in progress.
Myself, DarkSakura, and Loki here as always.
Joined by one of our most frequent contributors here on the show.
Shane is joining us in the studio tonight.
And of course while the show is going on, he is on his 3DS doing what?
Shiny hunting.
Looking for shinies.
I need my shiny Pawnyard that's a male.
And you've already found what, two during the show, right?
Two female shiny Pawnyards.
And that just makes me want to punch a baby.
Oh Shane, Shane, Shane. Alright.
You don't understand, when he evolves he looks like a Mega Man character.
And I want a blue Mega Man character so bad.
You're right, I don't understand.
He looks like a cross between like Metal Man, Quick Man, and Flash Man at that point.
I'm still trying to collect all eight badges as I go through Alpha Sapphire.
Hey, I'm further than I've been in a Pokemon game before.
But you're still not even close to done.
Well guys, do you know what Shane said to me?
Is that if I beat a Pokemon game, and like it, which that's easy to lie about.
No, I can tell.
Then Shane will go to the next Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Yes I will.
Because I know it's an empty threat.
Which we did one of those last night, by the way.
I don't get a chance.
Oh and see, had you beaten Pokemon and liked it, I could have gone last night.
It was a fight. They did a Disney hybrid crossover show. It was really funny.
I don't know because I wasn't there because you didn't beat Pokemon.
I just need to do a PBS crossover show.
Oh my god, do a Allen Abbey one and I'll probably just go for the fun of it.
They're trying to think of what theme they want to do for next year.
So maybe that's one I'm going to pitch.
Why not characters from your childhood?
Call it ruin my childhood.
Ruin my childhood night.
I love it.
Alright, let us get some rapid fire news done and then we're going to get to our list list tonight.
Let's do rapid fire first.
Alright, so this should come no surprise to you, but Res Infinite has been confirmed to be releasing on October 13th.
Which is the launch date for the PlayStation VR.
I mean, it is a launch title, so I guess that makes sense.
I definitely will be checking this out.
I missed, they were doing some new, what is it, PlayStation VR tests over at some of the local Best Buys.
And they expanded it from like 10 locations or wherever they had to like 300 or something.
And so there was one actually nearby, but I did not make it out to it.
I mean, they're going on again too because I know the GameStop near me is doing it again.
The Best Buy near me is doing it again.
So there's going to be more chances at least.
Yeah, I just want to check it out. I mean, I already have it pre-ordered, but it would be kind of cool just to see how it is.
Oh, it's so good.
I'm just curious to compare it to the Oculus Rift DK2 that I've got and the Gear VR and just kind of see what theirs looks like.
That's it.
But yeah, so definitely one of the games I'll probably be picking up at launch.
They're also saying, of course, there's new content, which is that Area X.
No idea what that means.
You know what other game I kind of wish they would also release as well is, what is it, Child of Eden along with that.
You know, maybe if Rez sells well enough, they'll do that because I don't think a lot of people got to experience Child of Eden.
Because who wanted to play it with a Kinect? Because I tried it, I didn't like it.
I had eBay bucks because you buy stuff on eBay or sell stuff and you buy stuff on eBay and they give you eBay bucks.
And I have like $5 to spend before it expired like that day.
And I was like, crap, I got to get something for $5.
So I searched for games for $5.
Child of Eden. Sorry, yes. Child of Eden DLC code for $5. Best $5 I've ever spent.
I have the PS3 one at home and I don't remember even playing it because I think at that point I was just like, I want to play Rez.
But if I could play it in 3D in VR, I would be super excited.
Definitely a nice Rez-ish type of game.
I'm looking forward to more Rez, but I'd like more games like that as well.
Rez in VR is really trippy. You'll have a good time.
Yeah, definitely. It'll be cool.
And this is kind of disappointing because, you know, I love Criterion and I was kind of curious to see what this was since they're not making, you know, a Burnout game.
But Criterion's, you know, they have that kind of extreme sports type game that was supposed to be coming out that they're developing.
And unfortunately, that's not going to happen because EA has canceled the project.
Yeah, so, you know, while they basically moved on from a previous project that they've spoken about and they aren't pursuing it,
they are continuing to build new ideas and experiment with new IP for EA in addition to continuing to collaborate with other studios.
But honestly, the reason for that apparently was that they're working on more Star Wars stuff.
Which I'm like, I like Star Wars, but I like Burnout a whole fuck ton more than Star Wars.
So I would appreciate them doing something more allow-
Let's get, we're going to get burnt out on the Star Wars shit after a while.
Yeah, I might ration the Star Wars shit a little more.
Because I'm starting to get, I'm already kind of burnt out on it.
Well, something that we as gamers don't seem to ever get burned out on is Pac-Man games since, you know, one was just released this week.
But, you know, although Pac-Man 256 is, you know, it's okay for five bucks.
I would be very excited if this series, in fact, is continuing.
And apparently it is Pac-Man Championship Edition.
That's right, Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 has apparently been spotted on a South Korea video games rating board website.
And sometimes these rating boards things do tend to spill the secrets on what's about to be released.
Well, the sequel would be for PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
And I got to say that Pac-Man Championship Deluxe, great soundtrack for one.
And I hope, I hope they get the same people doing the soundtrack again.
And just such a fun Pac-Man game.
I really like, you know, going back to play the old Pac-Man, it's one of those things that I can just play in short bursts.
And it's kind of like, oh, yay, nostalgia. But, you know, I can't really play it for a long, long, long time.
But Championship Edition is that good. I love Championship Edition.
And stopping in the chat room is actually saying it's Championship Edition DX 2.
Which would make sense because DX was kind of the souped up version.
And so that's the one that would deserve a sequel.
So I hope it's true. I hope it happens.
Another plug and play console, speaking of retro stuff.
I'm going to be bringing Data East and Capcom Arcade Games home.
Something called, I guess, the Generations Plug and Play Console. It's by Retro-Bit.
It's going to have 60 classic games on it.
You know the plug and play things, right? It's like the joystick. You just plug it right in your TV.
1942 and 1943, Captain Commando, Ghosts and Goblins, Gun.Smoke.
Not to be confused with the TV show.
Higemaru, Knights of the Round, Sun Sun, Ring King. That's awesome.
These are some real great classics.
So we'll have to see if that is a worthy package, what the price is on that. I'm not sure.
It will have both composite and HDMI outputs.
And the controller is apparently a Sega Genesis 6 button style controller.
So, yeah, I'll be curious how much that's going to cost.
I'd like to check that out. It will be fun.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
For one thing, Bondo, sorry, Bonda, Bondo.
Yeah, no, Bondi Namco has trademarks for amazing Katamari in Japan.
Well, Bondo is actually for fixing cars.
But they also, well, that's amazing Katamari Damacy in Europe.
And, of course, for Japan, Subarashiki Kana Katamari Damacy in Japan.
And then they have also trademarked amazing Katamari, filed on June 14th.
Ooh.
And then Wolfenstein The New Order developer, this is Machine Games, did a Quake level.
Like, old Quake.
Like Nine Inch Nails soundtrack Quake.
Yeah. So, you can get a copy of Quake.
Or if you don't already have it, or if you already have it, you import it into your Steam library.
You download the episode package, extract it into the Quake folder.
You right click on Quake in your Steam library, select properties.
And then your launch option should be, you type minus game space D-O-P-A into the prompt.
And so, it's just called DOPA.
There you go.
Awesome. Nice little hidden thing all these years later.
Well, hidden, it's brand new.
Well, no, no, I mean, like, you know, but you have to do that whole command line thing to get in there, I guess.
No, the command line thing's just in Steam anyway.
Oh.
It's, you can always set your game properties for things that you don't want to open, like windowed versus unwindowed.
Or for running particular games with cheats or scripts.
You can tell them where to run them, so.
I don't really fool around with that stuff enough, but that makes, I know you use mods in some of your, like Dragon Age-ing, so that makes sense.
Well, and I import a lot of game, non-Steam games into my Steam library regularly, so.
Ah.
All right, let's go to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio and Google.com slash Plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
This week, it's the one show a year we can be self-referential, because it's our birthday.
So we get to make it all about us.
So we ask the listeners simply, what do you want to see more of on our show in the future?
That was the FUGL question of the week.
And we also want to take an opportunity, of course, to thank everybody just for their support, you know, whether they've been here since episode one, Dark Tetsuya, or since, you know, 14 minutes ago.
So a big thanks to everybody for their support over the years.
So let's go to the answers on Facebook.
What do you want to see more of on OLR in the future?
Raginator says, I'd like to see a return of an accompanying video stream to the show, plus more talk about bacon, more Loki rants, and more sky, which is funny because he put skydive fits, which is kind of funny because skydive, but I think he meant to say diva fits.
Critical Myth says, I'd love to see a return of the various game shows that used to be a more regular fixture.
Well, boy, you're going to be excited tonight.
Blaze says, bring back the ferret.
It has been a very long, I think the ferret is out of juice and is sitting on top of my pile of books.
That's right, the ferret, the battery inside the ferret finally died.
It's living at my house, hanging out with my hot duffel boyfriend plushies and Monokuma.
Well, I'm sure you you're quite versed in sewing, so you could just cut that sucker open, change the batteries.
Why are you so sure I'm well versed in sewing?
Because you're making a costume.
Yeah, you always talk about cosplay.
I'm paying other people to sew shit for me.
I was going to say, but you've made like doll clothing and stuff like that. I don't think you can just staple that shit together.
I've stapled doll clothing together to make it.
You were trying to trap him into saying a woman, huh? You were trying to thinking it was that line of thinking. You talk about costuming a lot, though.
That's not what I'm thinking. Shit, my wife doesn't know how to fucking sew anything, so I never make that assumption.
I've sewn plushies and I can sew buttons on, but I was like, I'm not going to cut that thing open.
I have stapled those ferrets back because I did find some a long time ago that were sold.
I'm going on Amazon right now and looking for what are they called? Scoosies?
Scoosies, yeah. And I did find some, like a KV that was like, you know, discounted those things.
And all the batteries were dead, so I just cut them open, replaced the batteries, and we have like four of them. I don't know where they went.
Alright, let's see more answers over here.
Kane.I.Am in Facebook says, more Secret of Evermore and Chrono Trigger.
But seriously, just more of you all having fun.
Well maybe, I need to find a cartridge for Secret of Evermore and then I could do a live stream. That would be fun.
I have it.
People have done Chrono Trigger. I mean, whatever, but Secret of Evermore.
Oh really? You should bring it over. It'd be fun.
Alright.
Andy R says, needs more listless, which by the way, I know it sounds like list list is what the segment sounds like, but it's actually called list less.
But when you say it really fast, I totally understand most people, but there actually is a pun there.
The segment's called list less, which by the, I don't know if you guys may or may not know this. It might be on the wiki.
I don't know. I haven't checked that in a while.
But list less is like the one segment that dates all the way back to my college radio show that I did like when I was in college.
So a very long time ago, but we would actually do this segment.
It wasn't about gaming topics, but we do it about like movies and other things.
So yeah, it's the one thing that's kind of lived on since that era.
Let's see. Retertainment in chat says, I can't think of anything good. Then again, I don't host a podcast, so I might not have any good ideas.
As far as bad ideas, an all emoji show. I can give everybody the middle finger emoji right now. There it is.
Yeah.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think I agree with critical miss comment. More of the classic games, things we used to do.
Like there was a short lived one on the show, Orange Crush. I forgot about that one. That involved classic video game trivia.
Maybe we could come up with some new ones. I'd also like to second the vote for The Return of the Ferret.
Interesting. A lot of votes for game shows in that segment.
But also, I do want to not leave out Google Plus because we have a couple answers over there.
DNL replied on Google Plus. You saw her recently, didn't you? Dark soccer. I'm very jealous.
DNL says, first off, congrats on 14 wonderful years of OLR.
Every segment you guys do is awesome. Thank you.
But if I had to make a suggestion, I would say that I would love to hear reviews on game themed food and drinks.
I didn't know there was really enough of that out there. I suppose there's a lot of licensing for that stuff.
We did just have a 20 minute opening tonight about soda. So maybe that satisfied that a little bit. I don't know.
What game themed food and drinks is out there?
There's all those shots that people are making based off of video games and characters and whatnot.
I guess I'm just not seeing enough of that. I also don't do the energy drinks at all.
There's also the Skyrim cookbook. Isn't that a thing now?
I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says you can name the segment Geek Cuisine.
I think another show is actually already doing that. But that is also not specifically gaming related stuff.
I don't think these things are called skoozies.
The pod culture gang will do things like the Lays potato chips and things that are kind of in the pop culture stuff.
I'm finding ferret house toys.
One more from actdeft who says congrats guys. The road to the OLR quiceniera begins.
What I would like to see more of on the show, what you're doing right now is pretty much what I like.
If it isn't broken, don't fix it. But maybe more videos or streams of you guys would be nice.
That's another vote for video.
Rob, I found a penguin wearing a shirt that says I love ferret.
That's random.
It made me think of you immediately.
Alright, well thank you guys very much for the feedback on the Fugu question of the week.
Now several of you guys mentioned that you wanted to see more game shows.
So guess what you guys? I have some really good news for you tonight.
It's time to play Listless.
We haven't done this in quite a while, so here's the way Listless works.
Is that we are going to, by a highly scientific process, come up with the top three answers on a certain topic.
And this is going to be thanks in part to your vote.
So if you are listening live, I would encourage you to join our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
because you will be able to participate and actually vote on the responses and see this play out live over at live.vognetwork.com.
And you can actually, we'll start to fill out the board right there on the website and you can see this play out live.
So here's how it works. All of us here in studio will put our top three answers on the board.
Then we go to the elimination round where each host will take off one answer from the board.
It's painful, but it has to be done.
Under the renovation rules, if somebody loses two answers, their third answer becomes immune and cannot be eliminated from the board.
After we have our final eight, then we will go around and let you guys vote on your number one, your number two picks.
Again, you need to be logged into the VoG website at vognetwork.com and then you'll be able to vote.
Are you all ready for this week's topic?
Sure.
Here we go. The list we will be building tonight is ways that Konami could get this show to talk about nothing but Konami products again.
As you might remember, in the early days of this show, we used to be very much about DDR and BeatMania.
And you know what? Konami got a lot of free publicity out of this show.
But in recent years, things have changed a little bit.
Konami and we don't necessarily hype their stuff as much as we used to.
What stuff?
Well, there you go.
So what are the ways that Konami could get this show to talk about nothing but Konami products again?
Now, if you guys have some suggestions in the chat over at live.vognetwork.com, sometimes the host will turn to chat and look there for some answers.
We're going to let our guest start tonight.
Shane is joining us.
Can't I just be last?
Nope, you get to be first.
But I don't have a good one yet.
Well, you've only had like 30 minutes to prepare.
So, Shane, what is your number three answer for what is the best way that Konami could get this show to talk about nothing but Konami products again?
Konami sponsors the show and gives you guys a lot of money.
There, that's a garbage answer. Go ahead and throw it out.
Because I don't have enough time to come up with a better...
Well, no, my number one's really good. I'm still working on it.
For what it's worth, Konami giving us a lot of money is a decent...
I mean, I like money. I don't know about Dark Soccer and Loki, but I really like money.
They may just pay you in pachinko machines, but...
Alright, so there it is. There it is on the list. Konami sponsors us and gives us lots of money.
Alright, let's move on to... who do I have next on the board?
It looks like Loki is next on the board.
Loki, what is your number three answer for ways that Konami could get this show to talk about nothing but Konami products again?
I just realized it's not live, so they actually can't see the board yet. There we go. Now you can see the board.
Loki, what is your number three answer?
If they actually gave a shit about Bomani again.
If they actually gave a shit about Bomani again?
Yeah, because they don't give a shit about anything unless it's pachinko.
What about, like, Sound Voltex and Musica and some of these other things that they're putting out now?
I don't see that coming out over here. I don't see that coming in the console.
Alright, fair enough. There it is. If they actually gave a shit about Bomani again. That is true.
Where's the 2DX home version? Like anything after Empress.
They have that PC one that's in Japan only.
Yeah, Japan only. There it is.
Alright, let's see. My number three answer is, speaking about pachinko, which is the easy joke here.
Take all the pachinko machines out back and shoot them.
That was my number three answer. Just take them out back, put them out of their misery.
Because we are sick of hearing about that shit.
There it is. Dark Sakura, what is your number three answer for ways that Konami can get this show to talk about nothing but Konami products again?
Since I'm not doing these in any particular order, I'm gonna say have them go, just kidding about P.T.
So the whole thing was a lie.
An elaborate hoax.
It's all an elaborate hoax. And that Death Stranding thing, that was just a side fun thing.
It was just part of the hoax.
Yeah. That was just a reason to show Norman Reedus' ass. That's all it was.
Covered in baby hands.
Creepy.
That was just a way to write the M. Pregg fanfic.
That's where the baby in the sink came from.
Wow.
It talks like the radio announcer.
Alright. There it is. So, so far we have Konami gives us money.
Give a shit about my money again, kill the pachinko machines, and just kidding about P.T.
Let's go to our number two answer. Shane.
I'm going to say that Konami, making so much money off of their pachinko machines and their fitness clubs, decides to buy out all the major publishers.
So it's like a strategical move where Konami gets us to talk about Konami by buying everybody else.
Exactly.
That's a pretty clever move. Maybe that's Konami's long term goal. Maybe that's what it is.
You have nothing to talk about except for us because we are everybody. That's what it is.
So there it is. It's on the list. Konami buys all the other publishers.
Loki, what's your number two answer?
Konami puts a bullet in the fucking head of Frogger.
So a public execution of Frogger.
Public execution of Frogger. Absolutely.
What do you have against Frogger?
They're like pimping that shit. I guess it is their fucking Pac-Man or whatever, but it's just so uninteresting.
I don't give a shit about your fucking Frogger games.
Alright. There it is.
DarkTetsuya suggests run over him with a semi-truck.
And Stoppy's saying, didn't George Costanza already kill Frogger?
There was that.
Alright, my number two answer, and you know what, this is long overdue.
And something I think I would be willing to at least dedicate an episode to Konami if they would just apologize publicly for Beaten Groovy.
I want a public apology for Beaten Groovy. Like literally, what the hell were you thinking?
There it is. My number two answer on the list.
DarkSakura, what is your number two answer?
Konami revives the YY World series, as in W-A-I-W-A-I.
Basically it was the series where you played as characters who could go into different Konami games.
You know, like little mini-game levels.
I would probably pee a little bit if they brought back that series.
Because the concept was fun and they didn't do enough with it.
Could you imagine now with the current games that we have, and maybe doing it as an exploring game?
I would talk about Konami all the time.
Because what if you could explore Silent Hill on one level next.
And the next thing you know you're like, you know, running through the castle, Dracula's castle.
And you know, just think about it.
So OrangeRideInChat kind of frames it as Konami NES Remix.
No.
No?
No, it's not, it's...
No, it would be an exploring game. It wouldn't be like NES Remix.
Alright.
Like a platforming game.
Now that you bring up exploring game, I almost wish I'd made a reference to Goonies 2 on my list somewhere.
I guess it's not too late.
Goonies 2 would be included in my game.
Okay, that's fair.
So actually, DarkSaga, I'll give you props.
That's a fairly serious answer.
Yes.
In a week full of fuckery.
Alright.
We'll see how it fares.
Alright, let's go around and do the number one answers.
So here we go.
What are the number one answers?
Shane, number one way that Konami could get the show to talk about Konami again.
Konami has like a shareholder revolt and ousts the current CEO and replaces them with Mr. Spanky from DDRPC.
Is he wearing a suit jacket over that leather?
No, why? No, he has like a fancy ball gag.
Okay.
I had to shorten your answer, Shane, to just Mr. Spanky becomes CEO.
That's a good answer. I like that. From DDRPC.
I had to go look him up to see what he looked like again just to make sure he was okay.
I'm like, can you even Google that anymore?
No, you can. They have like an archived, the old DDRPC sites archived.
Alright.
So you can look at it.
Awesome. Awesome.
Alright.
Of course, when you type in Mr. Spanky DDR, the first thing that comes up is the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki.
Yeah, I saw that. I was like, that's not going to help me, I don't think.
So I had to keep digging.
That's kind of, wait, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Have we become that meta where like we have become Mr. Spanky?
Mr. Spanky, you live here now.
Is that what's happened?
Yes.
The new home of Mr. Spanky.
Alright.
Loki, what is your number one answer?
I would like to see all the Bimani, or a new Bimani game, like a new Dance Dance Revolution or whatever,
come to Steam with some sort of like Rock Band Network support.
So basically, you know, indie artists can upload their own songs.
So it's fresh tracks all the time.
So a new Bimani game comes out on Steam and has the Rock Band Network type of functionality with it.
That's, again, a fairly serious answer.
Especially from Loki.
Because they wouldn't have to do anything.
How is my answer not serious?
It's absolutely serious.
Because Mr. Spanky isn't a real person? I don't know.
I don't think their CEO is either.
We don't know that.
Alright.
Anyhow, it's what one of the employees does on Friday night.
Alright, anyhow, my number one answer is actually kind of similar to what Loki had,
but I think it's different enough to necessitate its own answer.
And it is simply, you know, and I'm surprised you didn't say this, Loki,
because it's something you've been begging about for years.
And that is, just give us the rights to DDR.
Give us the rights to DDR.
We'll fucking fix it for you.
We're gonna make the game the fans want.
Just get all those patents, send them our way.
We'll give Kyle Ward a lot of money to help us out.
A lot of money that we don't have, but we'll promise him anyway.
We'll do a Kickstarter.
That's right, that's fucking right.
There you go.
To pay that man's salary, and our salary, of course,
because, you know, we're gonna make a new DDR game.
It's gonna be fucking rad.
And there you go.
Give us the rights to DDR, my number one answer.
Last but not least, Dark Soccer.
I just want to point out, you get one more thing to put on this board,
and then that's it.
Every other answer is worthless.
We're down to these.
Okay.
Twelve answers.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what are you putting on the list?
Super Konami Fighter.
A fighting game with characters from all of the good franchises.
You can go back to Goemon.
You can go back to Adventure Island.
You can go to freaking Tokimeki Memorial,
which was their long-running dating sim series.
I've got a laserdisc of the anime.
I get dibs on Pyramid Head.
Okay.
Alright.
Yeah, you could have the Red Pyramid.
You could have, you know, even that stupid kid with the,
you could have the dog from Silent Hill 2.
He'd just bark at you.
By the way, when we get the rights to DDR,
there's totally going to be a dog ending.
We also have to have the Silent Hill No Uta.
From the one from 3.
Yeah, it has to have a UFO ending too.
Silent Hill No Uta.
Alright, let's recap the list before the all-important elimination round.
Yes, Bayou Billy will be in it.
Here it is.
What is the best way that Konami could get this show
to talk about nothing but Konami products again?
Konami sponsors us and gives us lots of money
if they actually gave a shit about Bomani again.
Take all the pachinko machines out back and shoot them.
Just kidding about PT.
Konami buys all the other publishers.
Put a bullet in the head of Frogger.
Apologize publicly for Beaten Groovy.
Revive the YY series.
Sorry, Mr. Spanky becomes CEO.
A new Bomani game comes to Steam with Rock Band Network-like support.
Give us the rights to DDR.
And Super Konami Fighter.
Some of the answers from our chat room that didn't make the cut for these final 12.
SJ100Matt says,
Announce that the Konami board has been eating crayons this whole time
supplied by Ken Kutaragi.
That's a very good answer. I like that.
Let's see.
Stoppy says,
Konami surrenders on the deck of the USS Missouri.
VidPower saying,
Konami needs to use their number 573 in some way, shape, or form again.
That'll be our DDR game. 573rd mix.
The number of bullets you put in the Frogger's head.
Alright.
You know what? This is tough.
This is really tough because all these answers are good,
but this is fucking science, people.
So for science, we must eliminate some answers.
Shane, we start with you.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
Just because I don't trust them,
and I wouldn't believe it's sincere,
they can't just apologize and get away with it.
So is the apologize for beating Groovy?
Yeah. No, no, no, no.
I thought they had...
Oh, yeah. Yeah, apologize for beating Groovy. Sorry.
Because you know what?
They would say that, but they'd be crossing their fingers
or like snickering behind your back as soon as you turn around
because they're like, we totally put that out there
and people paid us like $3 to play it.
So we made like our entire annual income just then.
Oh, alright.
I am kind of mad that that's one of my answers
that you just eliminated from the list.
Oh, I'm sure mine will be gone too.
However, your rationale actually kind of works,
and I don't admit that like ever, Shane, ever.
It's my birthday, and I'm saying something nice about you.
What's up with that?
Alright, it is stricken from the list.
It's because I got you tacos.
That's true. You did get me tacos.
Alright, Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Let's see here.
I would say taking all the pachinko machines out back
and shooting them just because I don't think there's a point to it.
I mean, no one really likes pachinko anyways,
so no need to kill them.
Boy, you fucking assholes just one-two'd my list right out the door,
but there it is.
That means my final-
I didn't do anything.
And you agreed with my logic, so-
My final answer, give us the rights to DDR,
now has immunity and cannot be eliminated by myself,
which I wouldn't have done it anyway, or Dark Soccer.
I can't touch it.
So, my turn to strike something from the list.
I'm going to actually-
I believe this answer to be redundant compared to some other answers on the board,
so by that logic, I'm going to eliminate if they actually gave a shit about Bomani again
because by giving a new Bomani game or giving us the rights to DDR,
that would be giving a shit about Bomani again.
Technically, they wouldn't be giving a shit, they would just be like,
here, you give the shit.
You give the shit because I'm too late.
Well, regardless, my logic made sense in my head,
so it is stricken from the list.
Last but not least, Dark Sakura,
which of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to take the Frogger one off,
because Frogger doesn't deserve to get shot,
Frogger deserves obscurity.
So that all we remember is me playing the original game,
all we remember is me playing the original Frogger on roller skates.
I have very good memories of Frogger.
All that has happened is the new Frogger comes out from Konami,
and it's Frog Fractions 2.
Where is that game? Shouldn't it have been out by now?
Now that's the logic to keep Frogger around,
is that secretly he's the star of Frog Fractions 2.
It would be Frogger Fractions.
Alright, well there it is, it has been stricken from the list.
Wow, Loki and I got fucked this week, didn't we?
But that is the scientific process of listless,
and these are the things that happen.
So Dark Sakura and Shane walk away unscathed.
I don't know how that happened, but here it is.
So here's the list that you can vote on now.
I want to point this out.
Over at live.vognetwork.com, you click your first answer,
then your second answer, then you submit.
You get to vote for two, and your first answer does get more points.
So click one, two, and then submit.
So, once again, here are the choices that you have to vote for,
the final list of eight.
Konami sponsors us and gives us lots of money.
Konami buys all the other publishers.
Why didn't I eliminate that one?
That was the one I was going to eliminate.
Oh well.
Mr. Spanky becomes CEO.
A new Bomani game comes to Steam with Rock Band Network.
Give us the rights to DDR.
Just kidding about PT.
Revive the YY series and Super Konami Fighter.
You can vote now over at live.vognetwork.com.
We're tabulating the votes as we speak,
and we will get to the answers a little bit later.
But in the meantime, we're going to do a few more news stories
while the voting is open for about five more minutes.
So let's get back into some news. Loki.
All right, I touched on this a little bit earlier,
but basically it's a rumor coming out from,
or I should say Digital Foundry has looked at the specs,
basically saying the Neo GPU matches that of the RX 480
from Radeon or ATI.
I don't know if they're Radeon or ATI this week.
It's hard to follow that.
But basically it's also worth noting the clock speeds
and the resultant teraflops aside,
the specs for the RX 480 are point-for-point match
for the GPU in Sony's upcoming PlayStation Neo,
all but confirming that Sony mid-gen console refresh
uses both Polaris technology
and a new 14-nanometer FinFET chip manufacturing process.
So because of this, the theory is that their new console
is not going to be super expensive
because the chip would have been more affordable.
So we will see.
And I think isn't that supposed to be coming out this year,
that their refresh is supposed to be sometime around October,
so we should hear about that.
I'm guessing maybe in August for the European...
The Gamescom?
Gamescom, yeah.
Maybe.
I was going to say, you would think that's the type of thing
that Sony holds for their own thing,
but that's not until December, so maybe not.
But Gamescom, they usually make announcements of stuff.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe they're holding back for that.
All right.
Let's head over to...
I want to actually check in before I get to this news story.
Shane, are you working on your Pokemon spreadsheet right now?
I see you like typing and...
No.
I am adding more people so I can get more Friends Safaris
because I still have a few spots open on my Friends list,
which goes up to 100.
I'm at 80...
No, I'm sorry.
I'm at 90 now.
Are you adding OLR people or is this all Reddit?
This is all Reddit.
So there's actually a Reddit...
Specifically dedicated for Friends Safari stuff.
So there's other sick people like you in the world.
It's not sick.
It's beautiful.
All right.
Let's move on to a story about Mass Effect Andromeda.
And Mass Effect Andromeda apparently going to be kind of moving away
from what we know as the Paragon and Renegade system.
You know, if you played the original Mass Effect trilogy,
it was usually pretty obvious the choices you were going to make
were either going to be Paragon, which is kind of good guy.
I'm using my quotey fingers.
And then Renegade, which was kind of bad guy.
Although, some would argue that Renegade is still a good guy.
However, all that aside, apparently the choices are not going to be
so obvious in Mass Effect Andromeda.
This is according to Mac Walters, who's the game's Creative Director,
who's saying in a quote,
I think in general, with all this sophistication of games
or engaging of any kind of entertainment right now,
gamers are looking for more of those shades of gray.
And then he went on to talk about how the old system was kind of a part
of what made Shepard, Shepard.
And I guess now when we're talking about,
I guess it's going to be Ryder now in the future,
saying I think now we're moving away from that.
We've been looking for other ways to engage more of those shades of gray,
less about it being obviously being right or wrong,
and more about giving people a sense of choice.
So that could be very interesting.
Shane, you're a super fan of Mass Effect.
What do you think about the fact that Paragon and Renegade,
it's not going to be so obvious and maybe there isn't really a good guy,
bad guy thing going on?
In theory, I think that's a good idea.
But I was so hardcore Paragon that I don't know how I'm going to adjust
because I kind of want the clear-cut path,
and I don't know how my Paragon mind will be able to handle it
if I make a decision that I feel is Paragon,
and it ruins things for people.
So good idea. I don't know how it will work out in practice.
Darsakra, what about you?
What is your thoughts on this Paragon-Renegade thing shifting?
Because I know you're a big Mass Effect-y person too.
I think it'll be cool. I'd like to see how it plays out.
I definitely would like a little bit more of a subtlety to the thing.
I really liked in Inquisition how they worked it in,
that even certain decisions still had some pretty crazy consequences
when it came to the final DLC.
I'm not going to spoil. It's already been out forever.
So just Iron Bull, I'll leave it at that.
But other things, I would love to see a lot more consequences,
even for very minor things. So I'm looking forward to it.
All right, I'm very curious to see how it plays out as well.
All right, before we get to our listless results for tonight,
again, the topic which you can vote on now at live.vognetware.com,
for those of you listening live.
Ways that Konami could get this show to talk about nothing but Konami products again.
Because you know when this show started 14 years ago,
we were really dedicated to the obsession in our lives at the time,
which was DDR, BeatMania.
Not to say that that obsession is gone, because when I went to round one,
it was like I'm 20.
It was in heaven.
Yeah, I'm in my 20s again, having a blast.
I don't know if you've been over here, but locally,
the drive-in apparently has a lot of Shonnigan's machines.
The drive-in?
The drive-in, yeah.
Isn't that the guy that had all the stuff at Scandia?
Yeah, he had all the stuff at Scandia.
He has his garage and everything, but I think he has his machines over there.
So you're saying...
So that would be like a...
Not to give away my address on the air,
but not even like a mile from my house is where all this shit is at.
That would be like a DJ Max Technica and like 2DX?
I think they've got...
I know they have a Dance Dance Revolution,
but I was looking at...
Well, like a DDRX...
Shane's like twitching over there.
He's going to use his little iPad Uber thing
to look up the phone number to the drive-in
and be like, I need you to tell me everything in your arcade right now.
I just want to go there right now.
Let me just take a look here, because I was browsing,
because I just realized I haven't looked at the buy-sell-trade thing for a while,
because that's where I saw the...
You know, Shane, I have a three-day weekend next weekend
with the 4th of July and everything.
Maybe we should go to round one.
I bet my friends in San Jose would like to hang out.
There's a possibility that I'd be down for that.
Yeah, I'm not positive.
Maybe we could make Jamie come with us somehow.
You know who would know?
They have so many UFO catchers that are amazing.
You know who would know, because he frequents it quite a bit,
is Jonas would know what's there.
Where's that guy? I miss that guy.
But yeah, he made a comment about passing 17's double in DDRX3 and before,
but I don't know.
I think they still have the machines there.
That's where he had them at one time.
All right, let's get to the mailbag.
We want to get to some of your feedback,
because we do want to make sure we have time to open up the phone lines.
A username, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype.
They're not open yet.
We've got to get through just a few more things, including the mailbag,
because every week you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send us emails,
and Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag
and find some fan mail worthy of reading here right now.
Dark Soccer, what's in the mailbag this week?
The first one comes from Robert M.
I could be very wrong, but I'm sure the online Flash escape room games
predate the physical escape rooms and serve as their inspiration.
I agree.
I did one of the physical rooms with my brother and his wife
and a small group of relative strangers last November for my birthday.
The biggest obstacle I encountered was said strangers trying combinations on the locks,
not lining up the tumblers exactly right,
and throwing out correct solutions as a result.
I hope I'm able to rent a session later with just the three of us some time.
I'm also really looking forward to episode 100 of Guys on a Show,
hoping Extrofer is still all right.
Yeah, Extrofer's been sick the past couple weeks.
That's why that show's been on hold,
but I am trying to get a pretty awesome guest for this coming week,
so hopefully we'll be back on that this week.
And last email. Hello, guys.
Martin the Belgian here.
I'm glad that you're specifying that you are the Belgian.
The. Actually, real quick before we get to the Belgian,
I just wanted to check in with Shane,
because Shane was the one that brought up all the escape room stuff on last week's show.
So what's the latest on that?
Why haven't we been to an escape room yet?
It's been like a whole week.
Because I don't know, and I want to go to one so bad.
One of my local friends posted a picture from an escape room here locally,
and I actually asked, like, my friend is obsessed with escape rooms now.
Is this one any good?
And he's like, well, it's the only one I've been to, but we had fun.
I still believe that the one in Elk Grove is supposed to be the best in the area.
I still want to go to that one.
We'll see. We'll see. All right.
Sorry, Dark Soccer. Let's go back to the Belgian.
Congratulations on your 14th birthday.
I've been listening for a good bit of this 14 years,
and I always enjoy your banter to lighten up my day.
The show really feels like a get-together with friends,
and we, the listeners, feel like a part of that group of friends, I think.
I just had a question for you regarding E3 this year.
What did you think of the VR games that were shown?
I will tell you this, me, I don't really care about VR.
So that's me.
But I want to point out, I think part of what plays into that for you
is not like that you're just being like, I just hate everything.
I do hate everything.
But you have the whole, like, if you play a first-person shooter, you get motion sick.
Yeah, I get motion sick.
So you have a lot of concerns about VR.
And I can't wear my glasses.
Didn't you play that one at GX3?
I did, and it was okay.
But I couldn't play it for very, very long.
It was bizarre VR.
When I get my PlayStation VR, though, you will try Rez at least once, right?
I'm sure.
All right, so the door is open to crack, you guys, just so you know.
I'll try it.
All right, there you go.
I just can't wear any mascara because it's expensive.
Personally, I was pretty excited for VR,
but now that the headsets are actually out,
I have seen very little games that seem worth playing.
I was expecting most publishers at E3 to have a big push for VR,
especially Sony with their headset coming later this year,
and so the games shown were very underwhelming.
It seems like their heart isn't in it.
Whenever a VR game was shown, it was always a VR experience,
Star Wars, Batman, et cetera,
and that didn't seem like a full-fledged title.
So my feeling is that VR is already on its way out,
kind of like 3D TVs came and went.
Nobody I know has it or wants it.
It is too expensive, and the games just aren't there.
What are your thoughts?
I know Rob preordered a PSVR, but are you still excited for it?
Yes.
I do not like bouncing off the walls.
Here's the thing with VR.
It's a lot harder to get hyped for something
that you can't exactly experience through a live stream the same way.
The only way to really get hyped about VR is to get in there and do it.
So I understand that I could go to Best Buy and all this stuff
and wait in a line or whatever and all this stuff,
but I kind of, I don't really want to do that.
I've got other things I've got to do during the day.
I know enough about VR from what I have done
that I think I will enjoy it.
But until I'm really able to play those games myself for the first time,
I can't truly say I am like jazzed about it, you know?
But I am optimistic, I think would be a good word.
I think that's the word.
I'm optimistic that I'm going to have a really good time with VR
because my experience with VR to this point has been very, very positive.
You know, Bobby obviously very into VR,
so every year when I go to Atlanta, he shows me whatever toys he's got,
which has always been a way for me to kind of stay on the edge of that.
And then, you know, that one year we were at E3
and kind of got to see the PlayStation VR in that very, very first year.
That was an awesome experience.
So I'm optimistic about it,
but it's really hard for me to get into the specifics
until I'm really able to get in there and do it for myself.
And that is a very hard sell at E3,
and I think that's why you're going to see more and more of this
come to the store and play it.
But that's also hard to do
because you don't want people to steal the fucking VR headsets.
Because if people are going to try to steal the Zelda demo at E3,
you know people are going to try to steal these headsets
before they're even out.
Possibly.
Thanks as always for the show.
If I wasn't so hungover today, I would raise a toast to another 14 years.
Your friend, Martin.
You can use sparkling cider,
but thank you very, very, very much for those kind words
in the very beginning of the email.
Was that it for emails this week?
That's it.
All right, that's it.
Let's do the FUs of the week,
and then I want to say this is the absolute last chance
to vote in the list list.
The list list will be closing for votes in about one minute.
So in the meantime, let's get to the FUs of the week.
FU to, I guess not being enough over my digestion issues,
to enjoy delicious cupcakes, because now I hurt like a lot.
Also, FU to people who vote for Trump,
and FU to people who don't use their turn signals in traffic.
So yeah, that's it.
Loki, how about you, FUs of the week?
I guess just, I don't know, I don't really have a whole,
FU to not having a lot of time or being tired at night
to both play a lot of games and program and stuff.
I'm really trying.
My body is fighting against me, so it probably doesn't help
that I've been staying up till one in the morning
to play the South Park game every day,
so that might be a little bit of a contributing factor
when I'm waking up at 5.45.
All right, Shane, do you have an FU of the week
you want to get out?
Several.
FU to vitamin D deficiencies.
Apparently pretty awful now that I'm getting it corrected.
FU to having an ulcer so bad I had to get a scope down my throat,
and FU to the yen to dollar conversion now
makes importing things not as great.
Import stuff from the UK.
Well, no, because...
FU'd all that.
Yeah.
But now when Pokemon Sun and Moon come out,
those are going to be almost $50 games to import,
and I didn't want that.
I liked it better when it wasn't so terrible.
AkumaJP in chat says, yay for me, though.
We get stuff dirt cheap from our neck of the woods.
You want us to send you Pop-Tarts?
It'd probably cost you a quarter.
Although for AkumaJP, we'd send them for free.
All right, my FU of the week.
I don't really have a lot.
So my FU of the week goes to, oh, my God,
I've been binge eating way too much this weekend,
and Dark Sakura's cupcakes haven't helped.
However, it is my birthday.
How did that cookie cupcake not help?
Because of that frosting in the middle was amazing.
Yeah, and the peanut butter one was really fucking good, too,
and I still kind of want to try one of the lemonade ones.
But, oh, my God, I need to stop eating,
and then I sit here and go, why am I so pudgy?
It's because I can't stop eating.
I want to blame Dark Sakura, but I can't.
I mean, it is my birthday.
I get to be a fatty if I want.
Right, Dark Sakura?
Yeah.
That's right. All right.
Have more.
There's exactly four cupcakes left.
All right.
Are we ready to hear tonight's listless results?
Yars.
Here we go.
Tonight's listless results.
Again, the topic this week,
what is the best way that Konami could get this show
to talk about nothing but Konami products again?
I got to say, it's interesting,
because the last time we did this,
we had a hell of a tie as well,
and this week we have a three-way tie
for the number one answer.
It's a three-way tie for the number one answer,
and it's just the points worked out that way.
Even though several people voted,
that's just the way the points worked out.
So we'll do a runner-up answer tonight
and then the three-way tie for number one.
So the runner-up tonight for how can Konami get us
to talk about Konami again,
Super Konami Fighter will be the way to do it.
What about PBS Cross Konami?
All right, I'll let it go.
I'll let it go.
All right, Super Konami Fighter.
There it is.
Runner-up tonight.
And then the three-way tie tonight is?
What?
Three-way tie for number one.
Give us the rights to DDR.
Woo.
Yeah.
I agree with that.
Let's do that.
A new Bimani game comes to Steam with Rock Band Network.
I'd take that as well.
Those answers are kind of close,
because if we did DDR, that's what we'd do.
Right, Loki?
Yeah, probably.
Right, Daisakura?
Steam support?
Hell yeah.
Max 2, just because?
Totes.
All right.
And last but not least, tied for number one tonight,
Mr. Spanky becomes CEO.
I knew that would be up there.
There it is.
Your list list tonight, the definitive list.
That's easily four ways right there that could earn our love all over again.
Get on it.
Thanks for participating with that tonight, everybody.
I wonder how much money it would take to get those rights from them.
A lot.
Yeah, I don't think they'll part with any of their IPs,
even though they're not using them anymore except for pachinko machines.
When it's kind of all you got.
So does this mean Konami is basically going to turn into a patent troll?
Well, here's the thing.
The Bimani games in the arcade are still going,
so they wouldn't give up DDR.
Well, here's the thing about those patents, though.
Their patents are going to be up in a couple years anyways,
because they patent all that stuff back in the 90s,
and it's only good for, like, 20 years.
So all those stupid things that they have on, like, patent for lining up arrow,
the beat, like any sort of rhythm game type of patents,
those will be expired.
Hopefully.
So we just have to wait.
All right, just a couple more stories, then we're going to get to the phone lines.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
But first, Loki.
So this is kind of neat.
RZA, who's a hip-hop artist, is actually making a new album based off of Atari game music.
I'm not sure what that would sound like.
I guess using those as, it almost sounds like almost like a Megaran thing,
where you have the game music and then you kind of rap over it or something.
Cool.
They're going to have some songs based off of Asteroids, Centipede, Pong, and others.
And I guess he actually worked on, or he did some voiceover stuff for Getting Up,
Contents Under Pressure, that Mark Echo game that came out that Atari published.
Neat.
I'm kind of curious to see what that sounds like.
Yeah, it's nice to see Atari in the news again.
Well, that and, like, you know, was it the new album Turbografx-16 or something like that,
that they're supposed to be making?
The Kanye West thing, but I don't think it was supposed to be public.
I mean, it was a title only type of thing.
I don't think it ever really happened.
I think it's just one of those, like, Kanye got on Twitter when he was drunk and started typing things,
and he didn't really mean it.
But I will say, have you heard about his latest video?
He did a video for that song Famous where he talks about how he made Taylor Swift famous and all this stuff.
And, like, all the video is are these wax figures of naked celebrities in bed together.
And so, but they're celebrities like Donald Trump, but they're fully naked, like Donald Trump.
Caitlyn Jenner.
And Caitlyn Jenner, Taylor Swift, Anna Wintour, like, all these random people and Kanye West in bed together.
And I'm just like, like, every time Kanye West does something, like a video or something,
and Dark Soccer could appreciate this, my reaction to this video, my reaction to everything Kanye West does,
this bitch.
Right, Dark Soccer?
Kanye West, this bitch.
Well, he is a bitch.
So they had, did they have his full wax statue in bed with, like, a fish or something like that?
No, no, not with these other celebrities, with Taylor Swift.
But there's no such of a, no sort of aquatic life in bed with him as well?
No, unless they were all merpeople, which is very possible, and you couldn't, because of the blanket, you couldn't see.
Because the rumor is that he is a gay fish.
Yeah, I, you've been playing too much of that goddamn South Park game.
Alright.
No, it's actually, what was it, they have, there's a gag in there, remember from the, the episode, what was it, where Tom Cruise wasn't coming out of the closet?
So, actually, you can go up into, you know, the kid's closet, and you knock on the door or whatever, he's like, I'm not coming out!
That's funny.
Ah, boy. Alright.
Hey, something not on the Steam sale to close our news this week.
This is not on sale as part of the Steam sale, but some folks spending money on this anyway.
It's from a game called Haydenlands.
It's an interactive fiction game, it's kind of like the old school adventure game type of thing, like Zork or something like that, those old adventure games.
There's no graphics you type your commands in, so like when I say Zork, I mean old school adventure games.
Well, there is no hints or a walkthrough with the game, but for £27 DLC, you can actually get a certificate, it's a PDF certificate, that says,
You, the player, promise to finish the game without looking at any hints or a walkthrough on the Steam forums or anywhere else on the internet.
That's it. You're buying a £27 PDF file.
You can sign it, hang it on the wall, that's it.
And no one will give a shit.
Now, this is interesting though, because when you actually start to read, because the developer actually did an FAQ on it, and so he actually answered some questions.
Yes, you get the certificate in PDF format, and what the heck, I'll throw in a JPEG too.
It's just a certificate.
Here's the thing, and then somebody says, I don't need to buy the certificate, I can just make that promise for free, and the developer responds, absolutely.
But it might be easier to stick to that promise once you've laid down some cash on it.
Just a thought, it's up to you.
So it's kind of one of those psychological things where it's like, well if you pay this kind of money for it, you're actually going to stick to it.
Kind of interesting, but he actually went out and said, some folks were commenting, of course as people do on Steam, and the developer actually said,
thanks, I was hoping that people would be amused, and I hope some people will put down money for it of course, but it's not a requirement.
So some people actually seeing the potential hidden genius in this, but it just also goes to show, if you don't like something, don't fucking buy it.
But if this guy can even sell one PDF file, it's probably worth the time you put into making it.
Very interesting, needless to say.
Oh my gosh, you know my friend Safari Reddit I'm on?
Yeah.
Just got my good friend Danny to get on it now too, and he's super pumped to do all this like I was.
It's contagious, your nerdy is contagious.
Well no, cause he is just as big-
It's also this stupid power of persuasion thing you have.
Well, he also is a huge fan of Pokemon, when X and Y came out, we literally spent the night at Walmart, cause they were the only people selling it at midnight,
and then we went back to his place while his wife was sleeping, and just stayed up until 9 the next morning playing X and Y, because that's what we do.
Why are you going on Reddit anyway? Don't you know what they say?
We're goin' Reddit, never goin' Reddit, never goin' Reddit, never goin' Reddit, never goin' Reddit, never goin' Reddit.
Cause that song's not taking into account this Pokemon friend Safari sub.
We're gonna go to the phones, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, let's get to it.
The phone's already ringing, people know. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is Bobby, I haven't talked to you enough tonight.
Hey, Bobby, well, you know, it's not often enough we have you on this side of things.
Like, you know, we get on your show, you're very good to have us on your show, really, pretty much every week.
But, you know, you're usually not up late enough to be on our show, just kidding.
What's on your mind?
So, well, A, never go on Reddit. Just wanted to pass that out there.
So, no, I actually, because you had the emailer that was talking about VR and how it's already on the way out.
And I know, I've been around in the VR development community since it reemerged about three years ago.
And I wanted to point out, basically, my advice to him, if he cares about my advice, is that wait another year or two.
The problem is, nobody seriously took VR, like, nobody took VR seriously until Facebook bought Oculus.
And it takes years to create a full-fledged $60 AAA game, period.
And so, no company was willing to put that kind of effort into something until about two years ago.
And so, it's going to be another couple years before we get those AAA full-length titles that aren't, quote-unquote, experiences.
So, it's not that they're not taking it seriously. They're taking it very seriously, and it's just been too quick.
You can kind of see where gamers kind of jump to these conclusions about a lot of hardware, though, right?
Like, after the Wii kind of died and the Kinect kind of fizzled out.
You can kind of see where gamers, like, feel like they already see the end coming, right?
Right. Oh, yeah. But, I mean, what I see, what I've seen and how far we've come development-wise in the past three years,
I see it getting better. And it's just, right now, like, when I saw the prices for the current PC hardware,
I said, this is not going to be the year that everybody figures out if they want VR or not.
We're still another year or two away before we actually see if a, quote-unquote, killer app comes out.
Because that doesn't exist. Our Wii Sports does not exist yet.
You do make a very, very, very good point, though, about the whole fact that, you know, when Facebook kind of came on board,
the game changed a little bit because I think it also shows, and this is very important, is that VR can exist for things that aren't just games.
And you really, I mean, there's a lot that's not just games that happens on VR.
And you even see some of this integration already happening on Facebook with the whole fact that you can look at the 360-degree experiences on your desktop.
Well, you know all that crap's going to be in the VR, too.
And so, it's really just a matter of time before people are broadcasting concerts and stuff and all these events and places to be through their Facebook feeds to your Oculus.
Well, and the thing is, like, even if VR gaming doesn't pan out, which I don't think that's, you know, I think it's going to pan out. I think it's going to be great.
The thing is, VR has finally gotten affordable enough. It's not going away specifically because of what you just said.
Because there are other uses of VR in, you know, business applications, you know, real estate developers.
Or even, like, architects would actually build a 3D model and walk around it in VR and see what they're doing.
I actually have some friends that, I work with a company here in Atlanta called ATLVR.
I've actually, like, broadcast from their meetup events, and I work with them throughout the year to do other meetup events.
And one of the things they've done is they took Gear VRs to a local VA hospital, and they had a 360-degree video of a church service.
And these are people that have not been able to leave the hospital. They have not been able to go to church, to one of these church services for the past however many years.
And they actually put them in this 360-degree video, in their wheelchairs or whatever, into this church service, and there were actual tears.
That is never going away. That is not the fate of 3D TV. So even if we don't play games with it, VR is not going away anymore.
I think that story is exactly how you tell somebody in two minutes how VR is here to stay. It really is.
That's what I'm here for. Happy birthday. Happy birthday.
Thank you very much, Bobby. Appreciate it. And thank you, God, you've been such a support over the show for well over ten years now.
And again, I don't know if people realize, we probably still wouldn't be a live radio show if it wasn't for you.
Well, I was a big fan right before I started and continue to be a big fan.
Stoppy asked in chat, am I going to cry when I experience VR porn? The problem there is that they haven't figured out the perspective, so all the women are giant.
Yeah, all the VR porn I've seen is kind of all the... are they going to be able to get past the whole fact that you're the person sitting on the couch and the other person is doing all the work? They're not really going to be able to get past that, right?
I'm sure that there are going to be USB devices that'll help. But I don't know if they're there yet.
Bobby doesn't want to have this conversation, you guys.
They've already got that stuff. It's out there. Of course it is. I think they probably had the USB devices before they had the actual VR stuff.
They do, and here's the thing. How about this? I'll tell you a little bit about Bobby's past here exclusively on the show.
My father was also a software developer. It's where I got a lot of the stuff and a lot of my genes and why I wanted to be a software developer and actually a game programmer when I grew up.
That didn't happen, but I became a software developer. But he worked with probably the largest adult BBS SysOp in the Atlanta area in the 80s.
He actually did work on some of the early webcam stuff for some of the adult entertainment venues here in the Atlanta area with this other person.
This other person is still in the adult entertainment industry literally doing those USB devices and syncing them up with videos.
He's been doing that for many years. It is so funny every time you post a picture up on Facebook of him in the big fur coat with these young women.
He's this old dude now because he was my dad's age. I do know a little more than I probably should.
Are you saying that porn is in your blood?
It is.
That's why we keep you around, Bobby Blackwell. Thank you so much for your support over the years. I appreciate you being here to set us on the right path when it comes to VR.
Thank you for having me.
You're welcome. Take care, buddy.
Take care. Bye bye.
1877 Game OLR is the phone number or you can call us on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. All one word.
Oh my God. The anniversary show. It's lighting up tonight.
Hi, Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey everyone. It's Rama.
Hey, Rama. How you doing, buddy?
Good, good, good. Do you see me pretty good?
I do. I can see you're wearing your VOG shirt tonight, actually. I see that. You look lovely.
Thank you. It's a special occasion. You'll have to have the matching hat as well.
Oh my God, that's cute. He's got kitty ears, if you guys can't tell.
That's the best.
And there's actually, I love this, you may not even realize this, but behind Rama, there's a shirt hanging on the closet door that's actually a Rama shirt.
It's appropriate.
It's the characters from the game Rama One Half Hard Battle.
Nice. Love it. What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, it's been 14 years, right?
Way too fucking long, right?
Well, I think you motherfuckers need a drink.
And I didn't forget about Shane, so I have here tequila, rum, vodka.
I love vodka.
And the official alcoholic beverage of VOG and OLR, thanks to Brad.
Fireball! Ah, yes. Yes.
Yes.
Gotta love Brad from Pod Culture for that.
Where's the Kraken?
Wait a minute, you said there was something for Shane. Where's your white wine? Because he only drinks Real Housewives of Blank County wine.
Well, he is going to have to ask Mako-chan to do that because she handles the wine and the Kraken is still in the fridge.
Kraken is the best stuff ever. It makes every soda taste like cookies.
I can just drink water. I'm good.
Shane, I have a bottle of the Shenine at my house, I think.
I still have not finished mine yet.
You know, with the three-day weekend next weekend, I think we need to have like a late party. We need to go to round one.
Who has a three-day weekend?
Yeah, who are these people that get three-day weekends?
Oh, sorry about it. Sorry about your lives.
Wait, we do have to work out.
Well, if he was talking, I wouldn't have gotten the Kraken.
Ah, yes. Release the Kraken. So, here he is. He's opening the bottle, pouring himself. A little shot. Did you actually mix that with the Fireball?
He might have.
I'm doing a shot for each one for each of you. That's what I'm going to do.
I love it.
I think the conversion, since you don't have wine, would be four shots for my one wine glass that I would have.
Oh, Rama just took a shot. That was the Fireball he just took, right?
That was the Kraken.
Oh, that was the Kraken. Sorry.
It was for Jamie.
Oh, the Kraken's amazing.
Now is the tequila. This is for Loki.
There it is.
We are watching. I know this isn't the most exciting radio thing, but I do want to point out he is on video and he really is taking these shots live.
Next up.
SSG100Matt says, good thing you didn't do a shot for each year. The show has been around. Could be done.
Don't test me. I'll do it.
Do not test me.
We do have staffers here at Anime Jam Session that can do shots of tequila from start to finish and still stand there.
Wow.
Yes.
Not me. I have zero alcohol tolerance. You give me one of those shots and I'm going to get silly.
Rob turns bright red and glows in the dark.
I guess it's a good thing you didn't come into town for Pride yesterday. All the alcohol.
Oh, yeah. Pride's always on my birthday. Pride always ruins my birthday.
There it is. Another shot. What was that? Was that the rum?
That was the vodka.
Vodka. I like vodka.
And now here is the whiskey.
And the last shot glass.
He's pouring the whiskey. Oh, you're almost out.
Oh, Rama. You're finishing it off.
Well, I save these for special occasions because when we party in the rooms at conventions, I do take the booze home.
I mean.
As any smart person should.
There are some articles we cover on Anime Jam Session that make me want to get up and drink.
Even though this is not full, I will continue with the tradition.
Here's to you. Here's to me. The best of friends will ever be. If we should ever happen to disagree, well, fuck you. And here's to me.
Amen.
Four shots. Rama just did back to back.
I still like the other one.
Huh.
Here's to us. Who's like us? Damn few. And they're all dead.
I have to remember that one.
I think it actually got re-quoted in Mass Effect 3 at some point.
We just used to end. We actually used to end our D&D sessions with that as a toast, followed by Have Fun Storm in the Castle.
That's funny.
Well, Rama, you have been a huge, huge, huge support of our show over the years. I don't know where we'd be without you. You were the one that got Reggie Fils-Aime on this show, even if it was for 30 seconds.
I tried, but like I said.
But it was exclusive.
If it wasn't for all of you, I wouldn't be doing this podcasting. I don't know. I would probably still be going to conventions, taking pictures or something. I probably wouldn't be expanding.
So, you know, you and Travis kind of gave me another outlook for conventions to do more things and have more fun.
Well, that is the highest honor we could get because you guys have accomplished so much over there with Anime Jam Session and kind of doing your thing there on the anime scene.
They know Rama at conventions. They do. He famous. They don't know me at PAX, but they know him at anime cons.
Well, yeah, you know. Are you trying to make me blush, Mr. Rob Roberts?
I wouldn't be able to tell if you were.
That's racist. But it's okay because I'm not offended.
Oh my god, you can already tell the liquor's starting to hit him. I love it.
Rob is an old man now, so racism kind of just creeps in.
I'm not grandpa. I'm not grandpa.
You have to understand, I was with a friend today. We went to Pride and we was at the parade for almost five hours.
And, you know, I couldn't go by myself without, you know, a canister with some alcoholic beverage with me so I can, you know, myself.
And I did not realize how long the parade is because normally after about two or three hours, we go to a bar in downtown Manhattan and just kind of unwind, but five hours. Wow.
The dikes on bikes alone take like 90 minutes.
He didn't even see them. I didn't think they were at the front or at the end. I was like, uhhhh.
I don't think you'll ever see more boobs in your life than the dikes on bikes. You gotta get out there.
Alright, Rama, I gotta let you go so we can try to squeeze in a couple more collars before we're done for the night.
But thank you.
Rob, one more thing before I get out of here.
Stay fabulous, darling.
I will. And of course, Rama, you know I say this from the bottom of my heart, with love, stay black.
Alright, you got it.
Alright. Take care, my friend.
You too.
Alright, bye. I'm just waiting for the angry email that comes into the show. You guys are fucking racist.
You have to understand, that is an inside joke that dates back a long time.
It's Dan's fault.
It is Dan's fault.
It is my husband's fault.
Alright, but we got another call coming in because the calls are coming back to back tonight.
Everything is my husband's fault.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is MXC in the chat room or Marcus.
Well, hey, good to hear from you. I don't think you call in very often, do you?
Yeah, never.
Oh, first timer.
Yep.
Thank you for sacrificing your phone call virginity to us.
That's right.
Well, I wanted to call in and say congrats on your 14th anniversary, guys. It's pretty intense.
Thank you.
And I thought this was a funny coincidence. I started listening to your show when I was 14.
Oh, fuck. Here we go.
How old are you now?
26.
Oh my god.
Oh, you sweet summer child.
I'm sorry, but I had to do it. Someone had to.
Oh, that was, so you might, I'm going to guess at 14 and you were listening to this show.
If you've been listening, that's still, that's still a while to be listening to the show.
You must have been a big DDR player back in the day.
Absolutely.
That's where I found the show.
That's where it is. My signature on DDR Freak or something.
Yeah.
Love it.
DDR Freak, man. Making signatures was my freaking hobby.
Yeah, you still...
You still talk about icons on LiveJournal.
Yeah.
You know, I still have my LiveJournal with my icons from maybe about five years ago, six years ago, last time I used it.
ActDeftInChat says, I was 24 when I started listening. LOL.
Me too. I was 24 when the show started.
So, actually, no, I was 23 for the very first episode because it was three days before my 24th birthday.
So...
Yeah, I was, I was still in my twenties.
Yeah. And then, so...
I know. Here we are.
I'm sorry, guys.
No, it's all right. It's all right.
That's okay. I got carded the other day, so I'm happy.
Well, thank you for being around still all these years. That's, that's amazing.
Especially considering, you know, we've kind of drifted away from the music game stuff a little bit.
That's awesome that, you know, um, a lot of folks have still stuck with us. I really appreciate that.
Yeah, it's just a lot of fun each week, you know, hear you guys chatting about, well, video games and food a lot.
But it's also pretty fun.
You want a cupcake? Come get it.
We have some raspberry lemon ones that are pretty good.
Oh, that sounds delicious.
All right. Oh, well.
A little bit of a distance. Well, um, anything else you want to share with us tonight?
Um, I mean, I don't know. Are you guys, I know you've been to GamerX and MagFest. Any plans for conventions?
I know you're going also to Final Fantasy FanFest.
GamerX is coming up in September.
Yeah, I feel like there's like way small time.
But I guess because GamerX was in December last year, it is actually shorter this year because they're bumping it back up to the fall.
So, yeah, Vaga Network is actually sponsoring GamerX again. So, Dark Soccer and I at least for sure will be there.
I don't know about Shane. I know Loki usually can't do the con thing because of family.
Is Shane doing GamerX?
I don't know. Maybe. It just, I mean, depends on when it is.
It's the last weekend of September leading in October.
Shane, do you need to do a Blue Ranger costume?
Um, I wouldn't know which Blue Ranger to go as.
I don't think I want Shane wearing spandex.
You should do Mega Blue.
No, if I was going to wear something, it was going to be Gundam from Danganronpa.
Oh, you should totally do that.
But I don't think, I don't know if I'm going to go, so I'm a TBA.
I'll help you make the costume though. That would be awesome.
I know Shane's doing Power Morph Cons.
Power Morph Con and Pokemon Worlds.
Shane, I will make you the hamsters.
I want real hamsters.
My convention calendar for the rest of this year, I'm doing Dragon Con absolutely for sure.
That is a given. And then of course Fan Fest is booked and stamped and ready to go.
And I will do GamerX as well since VOG Network is sponsoring that.
That's three cons for the rest of the year. That's pretty much going to fill up my year.
And then I am looking at MAG Fest for next year as well. I had such a great time this year.
I can't see how MAG Fest is not going to be a regular thing moving forward.
Awesome. Yeah, I definitely want to go to MAG Fest again.
That's like insanely good.
Yeah, and I feel like it's just going to get better. I want to do a panel at MAG Fest this year though now.
Now that I've kind of had a taste of it, it's like I want more.
It'll be a lot of fun.
Alright, well thank you so much for calling into the show. I really appreciate it.
And please come up and say hello if we end up at one of these cons.
Yeah, I definitely will.
Alright, awesome. Thank you so much for listening.
Hey, thanks for the show.
Take care. Thanks for being here.
Bye.
I know MAG Fest wasn't in January. That's kind of where I'm at as well because it's like, ugh.
I don't want to get snowed in.
Alright, we'll try to squeeze in one more call here.
The phones are on fire tonight, you guys. I'm really sorry. I'm not going to be able to get to everybody because it's already 9.30.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Sturlock.
Hey, Sturlock, buddy. What's on your mind tonight?
Not too much. Just wanted to call and wish you guys a happy birthday and you as well, Rob.
Thank you. I really appreciate that. Thanks for your support over the years. I know you've been listening for a few years.
I've been listening for about half the show's life now, I guess.
A pretty freaking impressive amount of dedication. I really appreciate that.
2007, I think.
Wow, and here you are.
Well, what's on your mind tonight?
Oh, not a whole lot. I'm both kind of excited and sad about Pokemon Sun and Moon.
You were talking about this a little bit in chat, and I think Shane should hear this.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, what?
He said he's excited.
No, I heard.
Alright, Shane would like you to explain yourself.
Yes, please.
I've been playing, for people who don't know, but I think most people know at this point, I'm a blind gamer.
Blind since birth. I've been playing games with varying degrees of success, pretty much forever.
And I've actually been playing Pokemon since Red, Blue, and Yellow.
And one thing that really makes Pokemon playable, one is its awesome sound design.
And the other thing is the grid-based movement.
And it seems with Sun and Moon, they're probably ditching the grid.
Yes, I can see that.
I'm holding out hope that it works like sixth gen, where you can still use the grid if you use the G-pad, but I have my doubts, but yeah.
What about the grid makes it…
Because everything is relative. Nothing changes as you're moving.
You know how unlike a lot of 3D-based games, you're not really moving in straight lines.
You're constantly having to fiddle with the camera to keep going in a straight line.
If you're not messing with the camera at all, it's changing constantly, so you're not moving relatively.
If you move up and then you move back down, because everything's on an angle, you're not going to move the exact opposite direction.
And that's why the grid is so nice. Everything is just relative. North is always north, south is always south, that kind of thing.
And everything being tile-based.
That is kind of unfortunate, but at the same time I realize that this series has to change.
I kind of look at it as like, you know what, I have the old games and I still enjoy the hell out of the old games, and I'll just watch playthroughs of the new stuff.
I think it's reasonable to hold out hope, though. Prepare for the worst, but hopefully you'll still get the best.
The idea that the D-Pad can still work will hopefully pan out, because they probably don't focus on that type of stuff in the big showy trailers and the stuff they're really trying to show.
Especially if they're trying to express freedom in Pokemon games, they're not going to really focus on that. But I really hope Nintendo doesn't leave people behind as they grow, so to speak.
Yeah, and it's just like, the way the games were designed in the past, it's almost like, I don't know, it's almost like, I know this isn't the case, but it's almost as if they almost knew that blind people were playing these games.
Just by the way they designed things and the way the sound design works.
You played Gen 6 then, right?
Yeah.
So what about the gym where you're on roller skates?
That was a lot of trial and error.
That was a lot of...
Because with that, that still kind of worked if you...
But you had to be very careful to make sure that you weren't going up or down as you were, you know what I mean, like you were moving in straight lines basically with the circle pad.
So it was a lot of trial and error, that gym is kind of a giant pain.
Lumio City is another...
What's that?
It's a giant pain in general, just so you know.
Oh, Lumio City, I've heard people that are sighted even hate that place.
Yeah, that's pretty terrible too.
That one I literally had to have someone, just because of like...
Literally the perspective is so different in that place that conventional movement is impossible.
So I literally had to have someone sighted write literal step-by-step directions through that fucking place.
So I could get through the parts where it was required.
Well, my fingers crossed for you, my friend, that Nintendo is able to make the games accessible.
And I think you've always been a really good reminder when you call into the show, giving us your perspective, that games need to be accessible.
And that way everybody who is a fan of games can really enjoy them, and accessibility is really, really important.
So hopefully Nintendo will get you back one way or the other.
Yeah, definitely. Also, Jamie, you're gonna have...
Yeah, thanks for getting Mind Paradise stuck in my head now. I'm gonna be listening to that thing on repeat.
It is seriously one of the best songs.
It's great.
We were just sitting here in the studio during the break talking about how that Dance Maniacs game had really, really had some of the best songs with it. It was amazing.
I didn't realize that Cat's Eye was from... because you guys have played that many times over the years in breaks.
Cat's Eye also made it into 4th Mix.
Yeah, it was also in 4th Mix Plus, I think. So it was a Bamani song that was in multiple games.
It gets played twice as much.
That's good stuff.
Well, my friend, I gotta let you go so we can wrap up tonight's show, but thanks so much for the call. I really appreciate it.
Yeah, no problem. Happy birthday to, like I said, to you and the show.
Thank you very much. Appreciate it, buddy. Take care. Have a great week.
Thank you.
Alright, thank you to those that called in tonight. I'm very sorry to those that didn't get through. It was ringing off the hook tonight.
Please consider sending an email. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send an email. Make Dark Sakura work next week.
That is gonna do it, however, though, for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Before we roll the credits, I wanna make sure we check in for any last minute stories with Loki. I don't know if we have anything here.
Yeah, I was just gonna mention that the Dolphin emulator has reached 5.0 and there's been a ton of updates done to it where a lot of games will run much better and all that sort of thing.
So, if you wanna check it out, I wanna say it's at, I think, Dolphin-EMU.org. Let's go check it out.
I'm actually thinking about downloading it because I, I don't know, the fuck of it.
Awesome.
That's it.
Alright. Well, that's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio. Thank you guys so much for listening to our show and supporting it for the past 14 years.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, as we always say every week, tell a friend or two or 15 about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice but we can only put those voices out there if they show up.
Word of mouth is really all we've had. We don't have a million dollar website backing us up. We don't have celebrity power or any of that stuff.
So, word of mouth is really what we got and thank you guys so much. You guys have some very kind things and stay in chat there.
SG100Matt saying thank you guys and Gal for all your hard work over these 14 years. Thank you guys for showing up every week and giving us a reason to do it.
ActDef saying thanks to you guys. Keep doing such great work. Thank you.
RobertM saying anyone in the audience gotten Drawful 2. I fucking forgot that came out this week. I gotta, did you know that?
That Drawful 2 came out?
Yeah, but I feel like I haven't played enough Drawful to really care about Drawful 2. I would like some more Quiplash and some more Bomb Corp.
Well, they have a Party Pack 3 coming so.
Yeah, by doubt there's a new Bomb Corp in it.
But I bet a new You Don't Know Jack is in it. I'm hoping. I'm hoping.
More Bomb Corp. So good.
Alright, we'll see. We'll see. Alright, that is gonna do it for our show this week. We do have to go around of course and get everybody's final thought.
Hey Shane, thanks for being here and spending the special show with us.
You're welcome.
Appreciate it. Have fun with Pokemon. Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
No, if you like Power Rangers, please listen to my show and my pending Pokemon thing that I'm beginning to start working on kind of.
Alright, good luck with that. My final thought, I'll go first. My final thought tonight is, you know, I was really stressed about this weekend.
Not really with this show alone, but it was just kind of like this in addition to Rocky last night, in addition to other stuff I had going on yesterday.
I was like, oh my God, I had so much stress this weekend. But this weekend actually was pretty rad.
So I'm actually kind of like, oh, I'm sad. I have to go back to the real world and work tomorrow and all that.
But, oh well, got to pay the bills. And I have 4th of July next week to look forward to, so that'll be a thing.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
So as I mentioned last week, I'm supposed to be driving a Lamborghini in a racetrack on Saturday.
So if it's anything like I drive in Forza Horizon, this may be the last show that I'm alive on. So it's been nice knowing you.
You'll be fine. Let us know how that goes though. I hope there's some video or something.
Yeah, I don't have any GoPro cameras or anything to take. That'd be awesome.
You need to find one, borrow one.
And last but certainly never least, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Reject false icons. Also, Taco.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. We will be back next week for even more.
As was said in a comment earlier, as the road to the OLR quiceniera begins.
Have a wonderful week everybody. Happy gaming. We'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.